 End-to-end big data analytics Integrate, prepare, analyze and visualize any data Datameer simplifies the big data analytics environment into a single application on top of the powerful Hadoop platform. The only end-to-end big data analytics application for Hadoop designed to make big data simple for everyone, Datameer combines self-service data integration, analytics and visualization functionality that provides the fastest time to insights. Liberate your data Data is the raw materials of insight and the more data you have, the deeper and broader the possible insights. Not just traditional, transaction data but all types of data so that you can get a complete view of your customers, better understand business processes and improve business performance. Insights without boundaries Move beyond static dashboards Make your point faster. Build information rich dashboards or engaging infographics with our simple drag and drop, WYSIWYG Infographic Designer. Your vector based data visualizations can be consumed on any device. Your only limit is your imagination. Intelligently accelerate your analytics performance   Data science at our fingertips Datameer pioneered ease-of-use in big data analytics on Hadoop and now with Smart Analytics, we make sophisticated, point and click, data science available to everyone. Fastest time to insights Datameer makes big data analytics so simple that everyone wants to use it to make data driven decisions. Unlike traditional BI solutions that require a three-step process involving three different vendors, three teams of experts and three different technologies, Datameer simplifies this complex environment into a single solution. Datameer leverages the power of Hadoop to eliminate the ETL process, bypass the need to pre-build schemas and provide self-service, end-user functions that do not require IT help. The end result is fastest time to insights. Read customer use cases   Datameer provides robust, enterprise grade data management capabilities. Easy to setup without programing with flexible integration points to manage data flow dependencies within your organization. Authentication Datameer integrates with LDAP(S) / Active Directory (AD) Datameer respects Kerberos secured Hadoop environments. Authorization Datameer provides group-based access with delegation for all Datameer artifacts including workbooks/import data/result data/etc. Encryption Datameer supports the use of HTTPS. In addition all end user credentials, data store passwords and keys (SSH, EC2, etc.) maintained by Datameer are masked in the UI and encrypted in the Datameer metadata store.  For more information Download: Hadoop Security datasheet Go to: Datameer Documentation on Security Strengths of the elephant Datameer is the only analytics application natively built on Hadoop. We fully leverage the linear scalability and flexibility of Hadoop to bring game changing data integration and analytics to end users. We support all "species" of the elephant and let you choose the best distribution for your needs. Hadoop distribution You should be able to choose where you would like to store and analyze your data. Whether in the Cloud, on premise or both, Datameer can analyze and visualize the data. Analyze your data where it makes sense from a security and scalability standpoint. Start on your laptop and scale to petabytes of data Datameer is the only analytics application that scales with your needs. Empower users to work independently, in a group, or across the company. Develop on your laptop, test with your work group, deploy to your company and scale with your needs: on your laptop, server or cluster. License Users Hadoop Support Available Services Available Security & Monitoring Data Integration Premium Modules 5 GB/year 1 user Hadoop embedded Community online support Online training N/A   500 GB/year Up to 10 Hadoop embedded (cloud) Online, email & phone Training & consulting N/A   5 TB Up to 25 Hadoop-as-a-service (cloud) Online, email & phone Training & consulting Monitoring, security & notification  Available Add-On Smart Execution Smart Analytics Volume & node-based Unlimited users Any Hadoop distribution Online, email & phone Training & consulting Enterprise grade security & monitoring Enterprise grade integration Available Add-On Smart Execution Smart Analytics Data Integration Data Sources File Types Other Data Connectivity Capabilities Analytics Visualization / Infographics Data Management Monitoring / Automation Security Extensibility Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Datameer Professional The First Big Data Analytics Platform for Hadoop-as-a-Service Datameer Professional is the first SaaS big data analytics platform designed for department-specific deployments. This cost-effective offering leverages Hadoop-as-a-service, so business executives and managers can get up and running in minutes without the need for enterprise-wide Hadoop deployments.  Contact Us to Purchase In North America, Datameer Professional leverages the enterprise grade Hadoop-as-a-service offering provided by Altiscale. Altiscale offers the Altiscale Data Cloud, the only HaaS purpose-built for high performance and elastic scalability. With Datameer Professional, you can easily ingest, analyze and visualize terabytes of structured and unstructured data from all your data sources, combining them in powerful new ways to deliver insights that transform your business. Download Data Sheet North America Data Sheet Europe Data Sheet Get an instant visual profile of all of your data, to quickly identify and correct anomalies earlier in the data preparation process. Quickly combine and analyze all your structured and unstructured data using 270 pre-built analytic functions, and get a deeper understanding of your customer journey and your operations. Rapidly discover new insights that produce business-changing results in hours, not months.  License Users Hadoop Support Available Services Available Security & Monitoring Data Integration Premium Modules 5 TB Up to 25 Hadoop-as-a-Service (cloud) Online, email & phone Training & consulting Monitoring, security & notification  Available Add-On Smart Execution Smart Analytics Data Integration Data Sources File Types Other Data Connectivity Capabilities Analytics Visualization / Infographics Data Management Monitoring / Automation Security Extensibility Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Big Data Governance Ensuring enterprise-grade data integrity and regulatory compliance in a Big Data environment Download Data Governance Technical Brief    Visual data profiling lets you spot data outliers easily, quickly and early in the cleansing and analysis process, safeguarding downstream analysis from dirty data. Impact analysis allows you to understand who or what will be affected if a change is made in the data pipeline. Detailed data statistics illuminate issues with quality, completeness and throughput.  Multi-stage analytics pipelines enable users to build data preparation or analytics workbooks on top of secure data views, and apply policies at every stage of the pipeline from ingest to export. Secure data views enable administrators and privileged users to expose a subset of fields to specific groups of users, and apply masking and anonymization (or aggregation) to sensitive data fields, while leveraging column-level security of Datameer and external systems. This ensures all users are always working from a single standard source of truth.   Data lineage allows you to visually understand and track every step that led to your final result, from initial data ingest, across joins and through every single transformation. Understand who did what, and when. Audit logs capture every login, change of permissions and other privileged actions that might involve sensitive data. Manage your data retention policy with Datameer's flexible data retirement rules. For each imported data set, an individual set of rules can easily be configured to keep data permanently, or purge records that are older than a specific time window. Security rules allow retired data to be either instantly removed, retained until a specified time, or manually removed after system administrator approval.   While the Hadoop ecosystem evolves and governance standards and technologies emerge, Datameer gives you the rigorous data governance you need right now, with a pluggable architecture and open APIs that protects your investment as new systems and standards are introduced.  Learn how easy it is to pull data from multiple sources, prepare them for analysis and visualize the results in minutes.Let one of our product experts give you a 15 minute demo.  Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Optimized, intelligent, dynamic analytics Try Datameer for Free  Datameer then uses a snapshot of total and currently available system resources to intelligently allocate and schedule each concurrent workload for maximum throughput. For users, this is completely transparent. No one needs to configure anything or select anything. And most importantly, no extra hardware (such as a duplicate cluster or specialized server configuration) or software is required. Performance End User Productivity Optimized Hardware Utilization Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Big data analytics, smarter Download Datameer Smart Analytics datasheet Clustering With clustering (a K-means algorithm) Datameer automatically finds non-obvious but related groups within your data by automating the process of identifying and measuring common attributes within the dataset. The obvious benefit is that if you can segment your data into groups, you can treat the groups differently. For example, drag-and-drop to identify groups in: Decision trees For example, find out what common attributes influence: Column dependencies Want to know how strongly a single data attribute like age, location, or gender, relates to other data attributes like income, college degree, or credit score? The column dependency algorithm automatically compares every possible data attribute combination and visually ranks the strengths of those relationships so you can instantly see where to focus further. Those relationships are important themselves and is often used to help target further analysis. For example, see the relationship between: Recommendation engine For example, predict interest in: Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Technology of Datameer Good citizen in your IT infrastructure Datameer is built on open standards compatible with IT infrastructures. A wide range of integration points are available to import and export data. Administration, configuration and monitoring are accessible in the end-user interface or via command line. Datameer acts like a good tenant by sharing your Hadoop environment with other applications, fully utilizing the platform and its native APIs. Datameer is the most open Hadoop analytics platform, which uses the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) to easily import, export, store and manage data. Custom MapReduce jobs can be integrated and harmonized using concepts like the Datameer Data Links and the REST API. Datameer includes a state-of-the-art job planner and optimizer. Similar to database query planners, the Datameer job planner takes the user input (a workbook) and plans the lowest number of MapReduce jobs to execute the workbook. The job planner and optimizer takes advantage of the data profile information gathered during data import and uses this for optimization. Datameer is architected from ground up for Hadoop and takes advantage of the unique NoSQL analytics power of Hadoop. Other tools just connect and copy data from Hadoop. Datameer uses the power of Apache Hadoop to break the decades-old cycle of slow, static, and difficult to use data analytics architecture. Datameer reduces the conventional BI complexity of three applications, ETL, data warehouse and BI by integrating all three applications into one powerful platform. Micro Kernel Datameer is the most open, Hadoop-based analytics platform in the market. Built on top of a thin micro kernel foundation, Datameer is comprised of hundreds of plugins, similar to architectures like Eclipse. This allows the system to be extremely flexible, extendable and robust. Individual plugins run in a shared nothing sandbox classloader environment and different plugins can run different versions of code without any effect to the system. This architecture allows extension and/or replacement of individual parts of the system with custom plugins such as decryption of data during import. SDK Datameer includes a no cost SDK that makes writing custom plugins for import, export, functions, and visualizations possible for any future need. Integrating existing user-defined functions from Apache Pig, Hive or other systems is a minimal development effort and developers can go much further by integrating functions from R, Python or other languages and systems. REST API All of Datameer's major components are exposed through REST APIs. This enables system monitoring with any "industry standard" or custom monitoring tool. The system can also be provisioned with import / export jobs, workbooks and infographics, all from the REST API, making Datameer an ideal choice to build data driven applications and exposing it outside your organization. HTML 5 A innovative HTML5 web user interface makes the daily work in Datameer a breeze. Ease of use and productivity are the highest design principals. Datameer supports all modern browsers and delivers a native desktop application feel in your browser. Datameer is accessed on any browser whether that is on your laptop, tablet, or your smart phone and runs centralized and secure in your data center or the cloud. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Packaged analytics expertise to get big data insights fast Browse the App Market Fastest time to insight Now you never have to waste precious time by starting from scratch. Anyone can simply browse the Analytics App Market, download an app, connect to data, and get instant results. But why stop there? Every application is completely open so you can customize it, extend it, or even mash it up with other applications to get the insights you need. Built by data scientists, analysts, or subject matter experts, analytic apps range from horizontal use cases like email and social sentiment analysis to vertical or even product-specific applications like advanced Salesforce.com sales-cycle analysis. Analytic apps from any data You got what it takes to build custom analytics, so why not share what you create with the world, and get rewarded for your expertise? With Datameer, all it takes to turn your work into an app is a single right-click. Every time a user purchases your app from the App Market, they get insights, and you get paid. Social Trending Topics Analyzing Twitter data Social Statistics Analyzing Facebook data Professional Network Analytics Analyzing LinkedIn data Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Industries  Top Six Industries Using Datameer Every industry can benefit from big data analytics whether it's increasing revenue opportunities or finding operational inefficiencies. Find out how businesses are using Datameer to increase funnel conversion, detect fraud, optimize pricing or better understand customer behavior.  Use Cases  The Top Five Customer Use Cases for Datameer Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us eBookFinancial Services Use Case (PDF) Financial Services Leading financial service organizations are using big data analytics for both compliance and regulation, as well as building the business by getting advanced insights into customers, markets and operations. Customer Segmentation Variety 50+ different feeds, MySQL and JSON data from message queues and flat files, and log files Volume As their customer base grew, data volumes outstripped the capacity of their existing RDMBS-based system. With mushrooming customer acquisition costs, it has become more important to target promotions effectively. Now, information about a person comes from social media sources in addition to traditional transaction data. To deal with all the data they needed and the pressure to reduce customer acquisition costs, this financial services company used Datameer to correlate purchase history, profile information and behavior on social media sites. For example, they collected customer profile data and then correlate it with transaction history and things the customers "liked" on Facebook. This way, the company was able to offer a special promotions to health food stores to customers who "liked" watching cooking programs and shopped frequently at an organic foods store.  Fraud Detection Variety Point of Sale, Geo-location, Authorization, Transaction data Volume & Velocity 7.5B transactions per month  Credit card fraud has changed. Instead of stealing a credit card and using it to buy big ticket items, some credit card thieves have become more sophisticated. For example, they can now making numerous, small transactions that are seemingly benign. But if Joe is making 100 $5 margarita transactions at various locations, something is wrong. By analyzing point of sale, geolocation, authorization, and transaction data with Datameer, this financial customer was able to identify fraud patterns in historical data.   Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Healthcare The healthcare industry is undergoing a massive transformation, resulting in a host of new challenges that can hurt care quality, customer experiences, and the bottom line. But with big data analytics, you can move to data-driven healthcare that generates the insights your organization needs to significantly improve operational efficiency, quality of care, and profitability. Why Big Data Analytics?  Improve Patient Experiences and Outcomes New regulations and technologies are giving patients more control over their own care, as well as the freedom to choose innovative providers who can deliver consistent, high-quality, personalized service. To compete and win, you need the ability to monitor customer experiences in real time, minimize medical errors, and empower your people to make the most of each customer interaction at every touch point. Increase Operational Efficiency for Higher Profitability Succeed with New Reimbursement Models Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Gaming In the competitive world of online games, every click and every interaction creates incredibly valuable data that, if aggregated and analyzed, holds the answer to keeping players engaged and coming back for more. Behavioral Analytics Variety Game event logs, user profile data, social interaction data captured during games between players Volume & Velocity 150+ points of data collected from millions of monthly users   The game for gaming companies is to increase customer acquisition, retention and monetization. This means getting more users to play, play more often and longer, and pay. First, analysts use Datameer to identify common characteristics of users. As a result, gaming companies can target these users better with the right advertising placement and content. To increase retention, analysts use Datameer to understand what gets a user to play longer. A user who plays longer and interacts with other players makes the overall gaming experience better. To increase monetization, analysts use Datameer to identify the group of users most likely to pay based on common characteristics. As a result of this analysis the company was able to double their revenue to over $100M.  Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Retail As the retail industry evolves and online marketplaces continue to grow, learn how leading retailers and e-tailers are using big data analytics to increase customer engagement while reducing IT spend. Market Basket Analysis and Pricing Optimization Variety Historical, inventory, pricing, and transaction data Volume3000 TB Velocity 1M+ rows of additional pricing data added daily   Retailers and e-tailers have more data available to them than ever before. From historical transactions, to current inventory, pricing, and more, the value in these datasets increase exponentially when combined. Find out how this leading retailer used Datameer to combine datasets to come up with competitive pricing, determine where to target ads, and more. In retail, historical inventory, pricing and transaction data are spread across multiple devices and sources. Business users need to pull together this information to understand seasonality of products, come up with competitive pricing, determine which platforms to support so that their online users would have optimal performance, and where to target ads. With Datameer, these business users could do their analysis in 3 days instead of 12 weeks with their traditional tools and heavy IT involvement.  Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Telecommunications Customer and Operational Analytics for Telecommunications Telecommunications services providers gain a better understanding of customers, reduce churn and optimize network capacity with big data analytics For Telecommunications service providers, customer loyalty is key to revenue. With deregulation, its all about knowing who your customers and prospects are, attracting new ones while keeping the customers you have and making sure your network is optimized to perform best for your subscribers at the least cost. Customer analytics is at the heart of understanding just who your customers are, what is their behavior and preferences and how you can find new revenue in both existing and new customers. To do this requires the integration and analysis of data both inside and outside the business. In addition to subscriber data, data on network usage, device usage, social media and even call center detail records are critical in getting the most complete view of customer behavior and usage. With the requisite data and the correct analytics, you can get an accurate view of which customers to target, what their preferences are and how best to reach them. Infrastructure costs are a major driver of telecommunications profit and loss and network capacity planning is a key component. Too much infrastructure in a given situation wastes precious dollars while insufficient infrastructure risks customer dissatisfaction and churn. One telecommunications company wanted to reduce infrastructure costs by using an advanced forecasting methodology that integrated, analyzed, and correlated a variety of subscriber, network, and location data. In addition, the company had a goal of improving forecast accuracy and wanted a means to compare forecasted network traffic against actual traffic. Finally, they wanted a user interface that supported reporting, interactive what-if scenarios, and visualization with clustering and geographic heat map functionality. Solution Using Datameer, the company integrates subscriber data including demographics, device, access technology (2G/3G/4G), and application behavior and correlates it with specific network capabilities, such as 3G capacity and Long-Term Evolution (LTE) network availability, and network performance data. They also analyze and correlate subscriber and network data with specific physical location data such as pedestrian areas, public entrances, events, office/business parks, and tourist attractions to perform a clustering analysis. To visualize both highly congested areas and areas with excess network capacity, the company uses Datameer to integrate and analyze market demographic data with network data and ultimately to generate a network traffic heat map. This enables them to make an informed decision about areas where demand was very near to capacity, in which case LTE rollouts should be prioritized and marketing efforts should be temporarily scaled back areas. They also identify geographic areas where excess capacity exists and where they can potentially ramp up marketing activities. To improve forecast accuracy, the company uses Datameer to monitor and track actual versus forecasted network traffic and to continually fine-tune the forecasting model. They also built a what-if model to analyze how different revenue growth and increase in specific access technology usage will impact capex investments. They also use Datameer to analyze new over-the-top (OTT) services, understand the network impact, and build the best business strategy to accommodate these new services.  Benefits With the new insight generated through big data analytics with Datameer, this telecommunications company gained a complete view of its customers and which mobile towers are being used by power users. As a result they saved over hundred million dollars in network optimization, by upgrading the towers that are mostly used by power users. Telecommunication companies can increase revenue by using big data to understand customer buying journey, better understand behavior of customers who are at risk of churn and can save millions of dollars each year is capital company expenditures for infrastructure. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us High Tech With new data sources from hardware, software and applications cropping up each day, there are countless practical applications of big data analytics to increase revenue or decrease costs in the high-tech sector. Optimize Funnel Conversion Variety 100s of files, logs and other data sources Volume & Velocity Data volume growing 2x every 15 months   Tracking a lead all the way from AdWord click through to transaction requires that several database silos be broken down, and disparate datasets be joined. Learn how Datameer helped one company earn $20M in additional revenue by optimizing funnel conversion. Generating traffic is good. But generating traffic that leads to sales is better. Datameer has helped companies identify which Google adwords lead to sales. By analyzing Google adwords, Salesforce, and Marketo data, this company was able to track a lead from adword click through to transaction. As a result, this company was able to improve funnel conversion by 3x, leading to $20M in additional revenue.  Predictive Support Predict Security Threats The average cost of a data breach is $5.5M. See how this company used Datameer to track a virus across geographies and ultimately predict where the next threat would occur, reducing the risk for a potential data breach. The security landscape is always changing. So changes in behavior can indicate where the next attack may occur. For example, this company used Datameer to follow a virus that started in Russia, moved across Asia, to the US, and forcing Windows upgrades in its path. By seeing where the traffic was generated in particular geographic areas, they could predict where the next security threats would be. This enabled them to proactively go after the security threats and reduce the risk of a data breach, which on average costs organizations $5.5M.  Device Analytics Variety 100s of files, logs and other data sources Volume & Velocity Data volume growing 2x every 15 months     Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Industries  Top Six Industries Using Datameer Every industry can benefit from big data analytics whether it's increasing revenue opportunities or finding operational inefficiencies. Find out how businesses are using Datameer to increase funnel conversion, detect fraud, optimize pricing or better understand customer behavior.  Use Cases  The Top Five Customer Use Cases for Datameer Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us eBook Using Big Data to Understand Customer Journeys and Drive Revenue (PDF) Webinar Precisely Understanding Your Customer Journey Webinar Build Your Own Customer Journey Application Customer Analytics The Business Challenge As a CMO, digital marketing, or customer loyalty executive responsible for optimizing customer acquisition and loyalty campaigns, you need greater visibility into the customer buying journey. Why? Because deeper, data-driven customer insights are critical to tackling challenges like improving customer conversion rates, personalizing campaigns to increase revenue, predicting and avoiding customer churn, and lowering customer acquisition costs. Increase Customer Acquisition Increase Revenue Per Customer Decrease Customer Acquisition Cost Reduce Customer Churn Product Enhancement  Why Big Data Analytics? Datameer Helps You Get Insights from Big Data Analytics Faster  With Datameer, you can perform customer path and market basket analysis and review decision trees to determine who and what led to the acquisition of certain products for each demographic. And you can perform interactive data discovery to identify the most common customer path and sequence of events that led to a purchase. Learn How Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Identifying New Revenue Streams with Big Data (PDF) Data-Driven Products and Services The Business Challenge Savvy companies are leveraging big data to gain insights that lead to new product and service offerings. Think CRM data, social media, transaction data, geo-location data, device, sensor and product data. You can even enrich your data with brokered, third-party data. All this and more can be used to generate insights that can lead to new products such as innovative data and analysis offerings. For example, you could sell analytics reporting to help companies make their ads campaigns more impactful. Or operationalize analytically-driven, predictive support offerings so customers can ensure 100% uptime for mission-critical servers. The possibilities are endless. Monetize Data New Product Innovation New Service Innovation  Why Big Data Analytics? Datameer Helps You Get Insights from Big Data Analytics Faster  Learn How Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us WebinarTop 5 Operational Analytics IoT Big Data Use Cases eBookUsing Big Data to Deliver Faster Operational Insights (PDF) Case StudyOil & Gas: Improving Oil Production (PDF) Operational Analytics The Business Challenge The question is, how can you, as an IT executive, help them achieve these goals? By quickly delivering high-impact data projects that help them achieve their goals. Armed with the right solutions, they can analyze product availability and predict product failures before they occur, optimize existing infrastructure to increase up-time, and reduce operational and capital expenditures. And they can better meet service level agreements by proactively identifying and fixing potential issues before real problems occur. Industrial Monitoringand Optimization Network Planning IT OperationAnalytics Internet of Things Supply ChainAnalytics Why Big Data Analytics? Datameer Helps You Get Insights from Big Data Analytics Faster  At Datameer, we make big data analytics so simple that anyone can use it to turn log, sensor and device data into valuable, timely insights. And we can do it faster than any other solution on the market. Using Datameer, you can ingest, cleanse, prepare, analyze and visualize all of your data in hours or days, not months. We provide a one-stop-shop for getting all of your sensor, log, and other machine data into Hadoop; quickly analyzing that data; and visualizing your results using wizard-based data integration, point-and-click analytics, and drag-and-drop visualizations. Learn How Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Using Big Data to Identify Fraud and Compliance (PDF) Fraud and Compliance The Business Challenge Credit Card Fraud Detection Criminal Behavior Regulatory Compliance Cyber Attack Prevention Why Big Data Analytics? For example, you can perform time series analysis, data profiling and accuracy calculations, data standardization, root cause analysis, breach detection, and fraud scoring. You can also run identity verifications, risk profiles, and data visualizations and perform master data management. Datameer Helps You Get Insights from Big Data Analytics Faster  At every step, they can take advantage of strong metadata management and data lineage functions, machine learning capabilities, intuitive self-service, and data profiling (for example, to detect anomalies in data that could lead to fraud detection and identification of compliance violations). You can also perform Smart Sampling, which enables interactive analytic data discovery and design. Our solutions delivers bottom-line results. For example, in just 2-4 weeks, Datameer customers have gained insights that helped them: Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us eBook Top Five High-Impact Use Cases for Big Data Analytics (PDF) EDW Optimization The Business Challenge The solution is to offload the most challenging data management and analytics activities to new technologies and management approaches designed to handle them. For example, do you need to cut the costs of data preparation and cleansing? Reduce time to insight by offloading the most time-consuming analytical tasks? Support a variety of new data types, especially unstructured data? Or better manage rapidly growing log, sensor and other unstructured data? The good news is, big data analytics solutions that run on Hadoop can solve these challenges. Offload Expensive Analytics Offload Expensive Data Preparation to Lower Cost Data Discovery Deal with Variety of Data Types Why Big Data Analytics? Use Case #1 Move all data to Hadoop for analysis and storage (re-platform)   Use Case #2 Migrate expensive data preparation & analytics to a lower cost environment   Use Case #3 Use Hadoop to deal with variety of data types   Datameer Helps You Get Insights from Big Data Analytics Faster Using Datameer and Hadoop at every step, you can take advantage of linear scalability, point-and-click data preparation and cleansing, visual data profiling functions, and a metadata repository that automatically tracks data lineage. You also get strong security, monitoring and scheduling capabilities and a schema-on-write approach that eliminates the need to pre-model data. Together, these capabilities provide a cost-effective, linearly scalable and flexible solution that drives the fastest time to insight when compared to all other solutions. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Upcoming Webinar Crack the Code on Big Data Governance Tuesday, June 23 at 11am PT / 2pm ET Register Today  Top 5 Operational Analytics IoT Big DataUse Cases Tuesday, June 30, 2015 at 11am PT / 2pm ET Register Today On-Demand Webinars Data Governance - Best Practices and Land Mines Watch Now See All On-demand Webinars Use Case Snapshots The following highlight several customeruse case examples: Customer Stories Solution Briefs Datasheets Infographics Tools White Papers/eBooks Analyst Reports Hadoop Tutorials  More tutorials Getting Started with Datameer Videos  More videos Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Hadoop Tutorials Getting Started with Datameer 05:05 How to Use Analytics Scheduling in Datameer 02:10 FIltering Data 02:29  Getting Started with Datameer 05:05 Understanding Sample Data 02:01 Datameer and Hadoop 01:44 SDK Overview 01:24 How to Use Analytics Scheduling in Datameer 02:10 How To Create A Data Store 01:47 File Upload 01:45 Filtering Data 02:29 Sorting Data 02:17 Joining Data03:32 GroupBy Function in Datameer 01:21 GROUPCOUNT and GROUPAVERAGE Functions in Datameer 01:16 Exporting Data 02:07 Infographic User Interface 02:41 Bar Chart 01:15 Sunburst Chart 01:27 Pie and Doughnut Chart 00:57 Customize Your Data Visualization 02:39 Customer Analytics 04:31 Operational Analytics 01:48 Fraud Detection02:51 Customer Funnel Optimization 02:28 Download Analytics 03:28 Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Upcoming Webinars Tuesday, June 23, 2015 at 11am PT / 2pm ET Tuesday, June 30, 2015 at 11am PDT / 2pm EDT Data Governance - Best Practices and Land Mines Dive into Your Lead to Customer Journey with One Simple View Top 3 Most Impactful Big Data Use Cases in 2015 (EMEA) Top 3 Most Impactful Big Data Use Cases in 2015 Big Data Analytics Meets Hadoop-as-a-Service Why Selecting a Future-Proof Big Data Architecture Matters Precisely Understanding Your Customers' Journey Introducing Datameer Professional Big Data Predictions for 2015 Identifying New Revenue Streams with Big Data Getting Started with Big Data for Business Managers Top 3 Big Data Use Cases in Financial Services Extending BI with Data Analytics Datameer 5.0: Smart Execution for Smart Organizations Build Your Own Customer Buying Journey Application 5 Best Practices to Realize the Highest Return Understand Your Customer Buying Journey with Big Data. Analyzing Unstructured Data in Hadoop How to Avoid Pitfalls in Big Data Analytics Introducing Datameer 4.0 Visual, End-to-End Big Data - Power to the User Online Fraud Detection Using Big Data Analytics Customer Case Studies on Self-Service Big Data Analytics Instant Visualization in Every Step of Analysis Best Practices for Big Data Analytics withMachine Learning Lean Production Meets Big Data: A Next Generation Use Case Fighting Fraud with Big Data Analytics ThisHoliday Season The Economic of SQL on Hadoop Complement Your EDW with Hadoop & Big Data Analytics Top 3 Things to Consider for Machine Learning on Big Data Using Big Data to Optimize your Sales and Marketing Funnel 5 Key Things to Know About Selecting a Big Data Solution Hadoop Big Data Analytics Build and Buy Considerations Building Secure Hadoop Environments BI, Hive or Big Data Analytics Daten-Rundumblick mit Big Data Analytics Hadoop as a Data Hub: A Sears Case Study Harness Social Media to Increase Point of Sale Purchases Big Data Analytics - Is Your Elephant Enterprise Ready? Building a Big Data Recommendation Engine Delivering Insightful Analytics in a Data Driven World Building Analytic Apps with Datameer New Business Insights with Hadoop Analytics Illuminate Corporate Blind Spots With Big Data Analytics Answer Big Questions with Big Data The Why's and How's of Big Data Analytics in Government Predictive Analytics on Hadoop - Faster Insight through Open Standards Datameer 2.0 - Bring Hadoop to the Desktop Deeper Website Analytics Walking the Talk at Zvents: Big Data Use Case Deriving Customer Insights with Big Data The Power of Big Data and the Insights of Predictive Analytics The Correlation of Structured & Unstructured Data Bullet Proofing Big Data Analytics Infrastructure for Critical Deployments Go Big Data or Go Home Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Featured Videos Datameer Professional: Big Data Analyticsfor Hadoop-as-a-Service 00:43 Customer Analytics 04:31 Getting Started with Datameer 05:05  Making Hadoop Data Integration Easy 02:09 NetApp - Big Data for Operational Analytics 07:22 Opower - Driving Product Innovation with Big Data Analytics 17:27 Machine Zone - Improving Gaming Products by Understanding User Behavior 05:51 Vivint - Smart Home Automation through Big Data Analytics 02:29 Detroit - Fighting Crime with Big Data Analytics 02:17 Trustev - Preventing Fraud with Big Data Analytics 02:34 U.S. Womens Olympic Cycling Team Big Data Story 02:57 Sears - Driving Price Optimization with Big Data Analytics 02:05 TasteMakerX - Driving Music Discovery with Big Data Analytics01:10 Douglas Grubb, PhD On the implications of big data and genetics03:18 RNA Analysis using Datameer11:27 Tableau Integration with Datameer 00:43 Datameer Professional: Big Data Analytics for Hadoop-as-a-Service 00:43 Datameer 5.0 with Smart Execution 01:55 Datameer with Flipside - Visual, End-to-End 01:38 Getting Started with Datameer 05:34 Datameer Smart Analytics - Clustering 01:46 Datameer Smart Analytics - Decision Tree 03:15 Datameer Smart Analytics - Column Dependencies 01:51 Datameer Smart Analytics - Recommendation Engine 01:12 Customer Funnel Optimization with Datameer 02:28 Introducing Datameer Smart Analytics 01:15 Data Integration in Datameer 01:14 What's Datameer 01:14 Choosing the Right Chart for Your Data 03:18 Datameer Personal01:21 Datameer Workgroup01:19 Datameer Enterprise02:09 Customer Analytics with Datameer 04:31 Operational Analytics with Datameer 01:48 Fraud Detection with Datameer02:51 Customer Funnel Optimization with Datameer 02:28 Download Analytics with Datameer 03:28 Financial Compliance with Datameer01:45 Public Data Example: UFO Sightings04:58 Public Data Example: Flight Delays02:29 Facebook Network App 00:54 Twitter Brand Sentiment App01:06 LinkedIn Pro Network App01:11 Datameer Analytics App Market 01:23 What is an Analytic App?00:53 How to publish an app to the Datameer App Market00:55 Twitter Brand Sentiment 01:32 Earthquake Data Analysis01:14 Interview: Matt Shumpert of Datameer 06:32 Strata + Hadoop World 2015, San Jose 10:42 Strata + Hadoop World 2014, New York 11:26 Boulder BI Brain Trust - Stefan Groschupf, CEO and Azita Martin, CMO 01:51:16 DataBeat 2014: Rat Pack of Big Data Stack (is Back) 23:22 Data360: Big Data - Maximize Value, Minimize Risk57:27 Applying Big Data to Flow Theory36:28 CeBIT 2014: Reality and Risks of Cyber Security 02:42 Bloomberg TV40:39 Hadoop Summit 2013: theCUBE 20:41 GigaOm Structure 201312:45 DataWeek 2013: What is the Hadoop Ecosystem?40:02 2012 Hadoop Summit - Datameer Meetup 02:42 Stefan Groschupf, CEO - Datameer Meetup at Hadoop Summit 201229:02 Peter Voss, Datameer CTO, speaks at Berlin Buzzwords (German)08:37 Stefan Groschupf interviewed at Strata Conference + Hadoop World 201202:35 Hadoop World 2012: theCUBE02:05 O'Reilly Strata 201103:48 Datameer Partners Training01:44 Datameer + Trace301:48 Datameer + MapR01:58 Datameer + Cloudera01:54 Datameer + Hortonworks01:22 Datameer + IBM04:38 Datameer Partners 02:57 Meet Team Datameer 01:36 Life at Datameer - Halle, Germany 04:05 Life at Datameer 03:31 The Life of a Datameer Actor02:32 Datameer in 2012 - The Highlights03:26 Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Dashboard Home Welcome To Datameer Version 5.0  Installing and Configuring Datameer The Setup Guide is for people who are installing Datameer for the first time. Check the requirements and supported platforms, then download and install Datameer. Where to next? The Concepts Guide will help you get started. The Administrator's Guide is for people with Datameer administration rights. It will help you set up users and connections, import data, set up jobs, configure the Hadoop cluster settings, database drivers and email server. You may also find the Hadoop and Datameer, FAQ, and Support Forum useful. The Hadoop and Datameer is for people with Datameer administration rights. It will help you set up and configure the Hadoop cluster settings for several different environments, learn about and use third-party monitoring software, and learn about using Datameer and Hadoop with VMware. Using Datameer The Datameer Functions Guide explains how to use the Formula Builder and then provides a reference to the more than 175 built-in functions that are available to you. In addition, because Datameer is extensible, you can use functions from third-party tools or write your own commands. Extending Datameer The Guide for Developers resources are for software developers who want to create their own plugins for Datameer. Take a look at the Developer Tutorials and the API Documentation. Where to Get Help Help and Support Evaluating Datameer The Contact - Help - Evaluation resources are for people who want to take a closer look at Datameer. You can evaluate Datameer in the cloud on Amazon EC2 or you can try Datameer in a standalone environment using a VMware image. You can read more about both options and evaluate Datameer using the choice that is best for you. Supporting your big data analytics Get Certified The Datameer Certification program validates yourtechnical proficiency in a variety of different areas. Datameer offers several support options tailored to meet your needs including: Community Support Free access to our community support Standard Support Monday to Friday, 8am - 5pm (excluding holidays) Web support access 24x7 Premium Support Monday to Friday, 24-hour Web and phone support View Documentation Our consulting team brings vast experience and expertise in applying Hadoop technologies to tackle big data challenges. Professional services offered by Datameer include: Benefits of joining Datameer community Join now Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Datameer Big Data Certification Program Big Data Analytics Certification for Analysts and Admins The Datameer Big Data Certification program validates your technical proficiency in a variety of different areas. From developing basic analytics to tuning hadoop cluster configuration parameters, we've got a certification program that enriches your knowledge to meet today's requirements. Datameer skills are in high demand and customers want highly competent people. Join the community and get certified by Datameer. Learn More View Enrollment Instructions The Admin Certification Program creates best-of-breed Datameer administrators who can fully configure, deploy and maintain Datameer in advanced Hadoop cluster configurations. This program is all about how to properly configure clusters, enterprise integration, security, and advanced tuning. Learn More View Enrollment Instructions Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Download Trial FAQ What is the Datameer Trial Edition? The Datameer Trial Edition is a limited term, standalone, fully functional version of Datameer that enables users to see and use the full analytics functionality of Datameer running on a single node. What functionality of Datameer is included in the Datameer Trial Edition? All of the functionality for data integration, analytics and visualization of Datameer is included within the Datameer Trial Edition and is run on a local machine on a single node. What versions of Hadoop are supported on the Datameer Trial Edition? The Datameer Trial Edition runs on a single node on a local machine and includes Apache Hadoop. Datameer supports all of the popular Hadoop distributions including Apache, Cloudera, EMC Greenplum, IBM, MapR, Yahoo! and Amazon Elastic MapReduce. If users wish to use Datameer running on a Hadoop cluster using any of these distributions, please contact Datameer here. What versions of the Datameer Trial Edition versions are supported? The Datameer Trial Edition is available for Windows, Linux (Debian or Red Hat), VMWare and as a Zip, which can be installed by hand on any Linux distribution or Mac OS. What are the system requirements for installing Datameer? The Datameer Trial Edition has the following system requirements: Oracle Java 1.6.x (up-to-date bug fix version recommended, OpenJDK will not work) Internet Explorer 7/8, Firefox 3+ or Safari 4+ with Flash plug-in installed 200MB free HD for the program plus HD storage for data 1GB of RAM Dual-core CPU What are the credentials to login into the application? Use user: admin and password: admin. How long does the Datameer Trial version last? The Datameer Trial Edition is active for 15 calendar days from the time that the trial license is activated. Once the 15 calendar days have run, the trial license key will expire and the software will no longer function. Can I get an extension of the trial license past the 15 calendar days? The Datameer Trial Edition is designed for users to quickly and easily see and understand the functionality of the Datameer Analytics Solution. For trial periods longer than 15 days, please contact Datameer here. What support is available for the Datameer Trial Edition? Datameer provides an extensive library of documentation including Setup Guide and User Guide, as well as a number of tutorial videos on the features and functionality of Datameer. The full Datameer documentation is available here. In addition, the Datameer Trial Edition is supported by the Datameer Professional Services organization that can answer questions via email on features and functionality. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Meet Datameer. We're a global team that works hard every day on our vision of making the world better with data.And we have fun while we're at it. #WeAreDatameer   End-to-End Easy to Use Everything in Datameer is point-and-click or drag-and-drop. Not an ounce of coding is required, unless you want to, of course, so everyone can use it, not just technical experts. Fastest Time to Insight Ease of Integration Lightweight Architecture Unlike other analytic applications, we do not require an additional set of servers to be deployed. Datameer can sit on an edge node of your existing Hadoop distribution, or on a single standalone server, saving you hundreds of thousands of dollars in potential hardware costs. Hundreds of Customers Google+ Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Datameer was founded by Hadoop veterans to re-imagine data analytics and empower anybody with a need for the truth to find it through data analytics. As such, we have built a company based on a core set of shared values so that we can march toward this goal together. These values shape who we are and how we make decisions on a daily basis. Passionate We stand by this motto: "People With Passion Can Change The World" Steve Jobs. We do things because we want to make a positive impact in the world and are excited about the possible outcomes that our work will have. Innovative Our mission is to consistently question the status quo and build a data analytics product for everyone. Impactful Our company is made up of people who accomplish amazing work in a short period of time. Our colleagues and customers can rely on us for great results. Excellent listeners and communicators Instead of reacting first, we listen, understand what our customers, prospects and community at large communicates to us, and then we make decisions. Believers of simplicity Curious We are always expanding our knowledge on the marketplace, our customers and competitors in order to effectively make the world of big data a better place. Courageous We love to take smart risks and be bold - even if it is controversial. We make tough decisions and our actions will be consistent with our core values. Honest We believe in candor and being direct. We will stand up for our beliefs but will also be the first to admit mistakes. Devoted The end game is to change the world and make our customers successful, everything else follows from that goal. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Management Stefan Groschupf Chief Executive Officer Stefan Groschupf is a big data veteran and serial entrepreneur with strong roots in the open source community. He was one of the very few early contributors to Nutch, the open source project that spun out Hadoop, which 10 years later, is considered a 20 billion dollar business. Open source technologies designed and coded by Stefan can be found running in all 20 of the Fortune 20 companies in the world, and innovative open source technologies like Kafka, Storm, Katta and Spark, all rely on technology Stefan designed more than a half decade ago. In 2003, Groschupf was named one of the most innovative Germans under 30 by Stern Magazine. In 2013, Fast Company named Datameer, one of the most innovative companies in the world. Stefan is currently CEO and Chairman of Datameer, the company he co-founded in 2009 after several years of architecting and implementing distributed big data analytic systems for companies like Apple, EMI Music, Hoffmann La Roche, AT&T;, the European Union, and others. After two years in the market, Datameer was commercially deployed in more than 30 percent of the Fortune 20. Stefan is a frequent conference speaker, contributor to industry publications and books, holds patents and is advising a set of startups on product, scale and operations. If not working, Stefan is backpacking, sea kayaking, kite boarding or mountain biking. He lives in San Francisco, California. Chief Revenue Officer As Chief Revenue Officer at Datameer, Kenneth Jakobsen leads all customer-facing functions, including sales, marketing and professional services. He is a seasoned veteran in enterprise software sales, operations and mobile analytics. Most recently, Kenneth served as chief operating officer at Roambi, a Sequoia-backed mobile analytics company, where he played a critical role in doubling cloud sales quarter over quarter, five quarters in a row. In his previous role at CA Technologies as vice president of on-demand solution sales, Kenneth was responsible for driving sales, business development and customer success and established the business unit growth to $120 million in five years. Kenneth holds an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management and a Bachelor of Science in International Business and Economics from Copenhagen Business School. Vice President of Product Management Frank Henze is Vice President of Product Management at Datameer with over a decade of experience in building enterprise software systems. Prior to Datameer, Frank ran project management at 101tec, a supplier of Hadoop solutions and Nutch-based search and text classification software to industry-leading companies. His background includes user interface design and development as well as expertise in all of the leading-edge web technologies. He also has over five years experience in development of large-scale systems and search engine solutions for companies such as EMI Music, Sproose, Krugle and the German Environmental Agency. Chief Technology Officer Peter Voss is CTO at Datameer with extensive experience in software engineering and architecture of large-scale data processing. His focus has been largely on UNIX based enterprise systems with extensive background in Java, Spring, Hadoop, Lucene and Eclipse plug-in development. Vice President of Sales - Americas Chief Marketing Officer Azita Martin is Chief Marketing Officer at Datameer with extensive marketing leadership experience at high-growth start-ups and category-creating public companies like Salesforce and Siebel. Prior to Datameer, Azita built and led marketing teams for both fast-growing start-ups and major public companies, including Get Satisfaction, Moxie Software, LiveOps, Salesforce, Siebel and SGI. Azita has a Bachelor of Science in Aerospace Engineering and an MBA from University of Southern California. Vice President of Business Development & Worldwide Channels Vice President of People Operations Vice President of Engineering Matt McManus leads the engineering team at Datameer, managing all aspects of product development, releases and quality assurance. Matt has been building enterprise software products for over 10 years with deep experience in architecture, software engineering and team management roles. Prior to joining Datameer, he led an engineering team at EMI Music, Inc., which delivered high quality business intelligence products using agile, behavior-driven development processes. Earlier, Matt held technical leadership positions with Genealogical Search, Inc. and Macrovision Corp. where he guided teams through all phases of product development from requirements gathering to deployment, successfully launching many Web-based products and services. He attended Boston University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in Computer Science. Vice President of User Experience and Design With over 15 years of experience, Ralf has extensive knowledge of innovative Web and mobile applications that drive user adoption and has extensive background in interface design. He has held key design positions with Adobe, Disney and SAP and holds multiple design patents and award-winning design solutions. Vice President of Finance Jon Oslowski is Vice President of Finance for Datameer with more than eight years experience as a controller and auditor in public accounting. Previously, Jon was a Divisional Controller for Serious Energy, an energy management company with software and building materials divisions. Jon also spent six years in public accounting completing audits, reviews and compilations with CBIZ/MHM, one of the largest accounting firms in the US. As Vice President of Finance at Datameer, Jon specializes in GAAP accounting, financial analysis, forecasting, software revenue recognition, financial reporting and oversight, business plan implementation and financial modeling. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Board of Directors Partner, Next World Capital Ben has experience in both venture capital investing and technology company operating roles. Ben was mostly recently a Principal with Scale Venture Partners. Prior to his six years in venture capital, he was a Senior Sales Engineer at Symantec and IMlogic, and worked in technical sales roles at Akamai. At Scale Venture Partners, Ben originated the investments in Box and uTest and worked closely with HubSpot, BrightRoll, and Jaspersoft. Ben lives in San Francisco. He holds an MEng and a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. President, JAMM Ventures Jeff Miller is an accomplished senior executive and venture capitalist with over 30 years of experience working with some of the hottest software companies in Silicon Valley. From 1993 to 2001, he served as president and chief executive officer of Documentum, one of the fastest growing technology companies in the world. Following the sale of Documentum to EMC for $1.8B in 2003, he was a venture partner with Redpoint Ventures, where he specialized in emerging enterprise and infrastructure software markets. Miller has also held senior executive positions at Fairchild Semiconductor, Intel, Adaptec, and Cadence Design Systems. Miller currently runs JAMM Ventures, a business consulting firm, which he founded, and serves on various company and non-profit Boards. Independent Board Member and Advisor at Datameer Mark brings with him three decades of operating and advisory experience to hyper-growth companies and his software success includes modern databases, data and application integration, business intelligence and monetizing of open source. His operating background includes an early executive role with Informatica where he helped grow revenues from $10 million to over $150 million in sales, resulting in a successful IPO in 1999. He was also EVP worldwide sales and alliances at MySQL where he contributed to the $1 billion acquisition by Sun Microsystems in 2008. Mark is concurrently serving as executive chairman at Zend Technologies, as well as an independent board member at MuleSoft and Infobright. In addition, he is a board observer and advisor to MongoDB and UpThere. Most recently, Mark was an independent board member at Jaspersoft (acquired by Tibco). Partner, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Matt Murphy is a partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. He joined the firm in 1999 and manages the iFund, a collaborative initiative with Apple that focuses on funding and building defining applications on the iOS platform and the mobile internet. Founding Partner, Redpoint Ventures John Walecka is a Partner of Redpoint Ventures and is passionate about companies with disruptive products and innovative business models. John is very active in Redpoint's investment efforts around companies using big data insights to create new business applications, as well as innovative technologies for building cloud infrastructure and services. He is on the boards of the following companies: Quantifind (social media predictive analytics platform), Datameer (big data BI tools around Hadoop), Lastline Security (cloud based malware products), Moogsoft (big data applications applied to agile service management), InterMolecular (data driven combinatorial materials discovery platform) and Avnera (cool audio products). John received a B.S. and an M.S. in Engineering from Stanford University and a M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Chief Executive Officer, Datameer Stefan Groschupf is a big data veteran and serial entrepreneur with strong roots in the open source community. He was one of the very few early contributors to Nutch, the open source project that spun off Hadoop, which 10 years later, is considered a 20 billion dollar business. Open source technologies designed and coded by Stefan can be found running in all 20 of the Fortune 20 companies in the world, and innovative open source technologies like Kafka, Storm, Katta and Spark, all rely on technology Stefan designed more than a half decade ago. In 2003, Groschupf was named one of the most innovative Germans under 30 by Stern Magazine. In 2013, Fast Company named Datameer, one of the most innovative companies in the world. Stefan is currently CEO and Chairman of Datameer, the company he co-founded in 2009 after several years of architecting and implementing distributed big data analytic systems for companies like Apple, EMI Music, Hoffmann La Roche, AT&T, the European Union, and others. After two years in the market, Datameer is commercially deployed in more than 30% of the Fortune 20. Stefan is a frequent conference speaker, contributor to industry publications and books, holds patents and is advising a set of startups on product, scale and operations. If not working, Stefan is backpacking, sea kayaking, kite boarding or mountain biking. He lives in San Francisco, California. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Investors Citi Ventures is Citi's global corporate venturing arm, chartered to collaborate with internal and external partners to conceive, partner, launch, and scale new ventures that have the potential to disrupt and transform the financial services industry, drive client success, and generate new value for Citi. Since its founding in 1972, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers has backed entrepreneurs in over 600 ventures, including AOL, Amazon.com, Citrix, Compaq Computer, Electronic Arts, Genentech, Genomic Health, Google, Intuit, Juniper Networks, Netscape, Lotus, Sun Microsystems, Symantec, Verisign and Xilinx. KPCB portfolio companies employ more than 250,000 people. More than 150 of the firm's portfolio companies have gone public. Many other ventures have achieved success through mergers and acquisitions. The firm has offices in Menlo Park, California; Beijing, China; and Shanghai, China. Next World Capital (NWC) is an international, expansion-stage venture capital firm that invests in leading enterprise software, mobile and consumer internet companies. Redpoint Ventures was founded in 1999 by partners from two of the top firms in the venture capital industry. The firm is focused on funding innovative companies that have the potential to define, lead, and change industries. Redpoint partners have many years of experience and success in technology investing; combined with this foundation, the firm is able to leverage a thriving network of entrepreneurs, partners, and industry experts to accelerate building market-leading companies. Redpoint is headquartered in Menlo Park, CA with offices in Los Angeles and Shanghai, China. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Datameer News  2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 June 17, 2015 The next wave of innovation about to wash over the connected world is the industrial Internet of Things (IoT). Beyond smart watches and FitBits, forward-thinking businesses are applying the concept of IoT to complex, psychical machinery, like jet engines and locomotives, to unleash unexpected growth opportunities and fuel innovation. Read more June 16, 2015 In June 2015, Datameer announced new data governance capabilities for its native Hadoop environment. Datameer is helping solidify Hadoop as a mature and transparent platform for production-ready, mission-critical, and regulatory-compliant analytics. Read more June 15, 2015 Read more June 15, 2015 Read more June 15, 2015 Datameer, a self-service big data insights platform, announced data governance features for Hadoop analytics so users don't have to choose between self-service big data analytics and a governable big data architecture. Read more June 10, 2015 Read more June 10, 2015 With the growing usage of Hadoop, Datameer launched a custom big data analytics application to help people generate insights from data faster than ever before. Datameer provides applications with several benefits such as lightweight architecture, ease of integration, fast execution time and ease of use among many other advantages. Read more June 9, 2015 "Agility should be a key requirement in any big data governance strategy," said Chris Twogood, vice president of product and services marketing at Teradata, in a statement. "Teradata Loom avoids an IT bottleneck by providing Hadoop end users agile mechanisms to find, understand, prepare, secure, and manage data throughout its lifecycle." Read more June 9, 2015 Datameer has announced new data governance capabilities for its native Hadoop environment offering an end-to-end big data analytics application for Hadoop designed to make big data accessible. Datameer combines self-service data integration, analytics and visualization functionality. Read more June 9, 2015 Big Data platform Datameer and business analytics provider Tableau have announced a new technology connector combining their respective solutions into a Hadoop analytics and visualization tool. Read more June 8, 2015 Read more June 5, 2015 A look at the latest big data, business analytics and business intelligence developments for the week ending June 5, 2015. Read more June 5, 2015 Read more June 4, 2015 Datameer has just announced their introduction of new data governance capabilities in a Hadoop environment. This is a push towards assisting organizations with data quality, security and compliance problems that result from the growth of analytics tools by business users. Read more June 4, 2015 Read more June 4, 2015 By utilizing the Internet of Things (IoT) and analytics, companies are able to learn where there are inefficiencies and innovate their business to run smarter and leaner delivering new value to their customer base. Our friends over at Datameer just released a new infographic relating to Big Data and the IoT. Read more June 3, 2015 Read more June 3, 2015 The Apache Hadoop/Big Data ecosystem has been too much like the "Wild West," according to Datameer Inc., with different vendors doing their own things and producing many different solutions, but with too little overall concern for data governance and security protocols. Read more June 3, 2015 Datameer is giving its native Hadoop environment new data governance capabilities in an effort to help organizations tackle data quality, security and compliance problems stemming from the growing use of analytics tools by business users. Read more June 3, 2015 One of the biggest inhibitors to applying Hadoop in any production environment is the general lack of governance tools for IT organizations to use to manage access permissions for the data that resides there. Read more June 3, 2015 Datameer, which is billed as a big data insights platform for rapid data discovery, has announced new data governance capabilities for its native Hadoop environment. We've been reporting on indications that many enterprises are finding Hadoop, well, very hard to deploy and manage. Read more June 3, 2015 The popularity of big data has boosted demand for Hadoop systems. Yet data handling and analytic capabilities are often seen as the key features while governance and security get relegated to a support role. Read more Salesforce (NYSE:CRM) estimates adding analytics and Business Intelligence (BI) applications will increase their Total Addressable Market (TAM) by $13B in FY2014. 89% of business leaders believe Big Data will revolutionize business operations in the same way the Internet did. 83% have pursued Big Data projects in order to seize a competitive edge. Read more May 18, 2015 Read more May 18, 2015 More money, more problems. As you move up the workforce ladder, you can pretty much expect one thing to be true: your email inbox is going to explode. More than you thought was possible. With all of the talk around Big Data, I thought it would be an interesting experiment to see if I could use Big Data analytics to figure out how to combat (or at least better prepare myself for) the inevitable. Read more May 15, 2015 What are the most high-impact BI tools for self-service? The schema-free or schema-light approach is a fundamental thing that enables the tools to work the way they work. I think visual first, including more visuals at more stages throughout the process. Read more May 15, 2015 As part of our ongoing monthly editorial campaign at Solutions Review, I was lucky enough to have the opportunity to link up with Matt Schumpert, Director of Product Management at Datameer regarding our May BI topic of self-service and data democratization. Read more May 15, 2015 Companies are now understanding the importance of big data and are spending increasing amounts of time and money to collect it, but the question they now need to ask themselves is: is bigger data always better data? Read more May 14, 2015 Read more May 12, 2015 Datameer Big Data Analytics Platform for Hadoop-as-a-Service : Datameer Professional, is a SaaS big data analytics platform targeted for department specific deployments. Datameer offering features leading Hadoop cloud providers Altiscale and Bigstep. Read more May 11, 2015 In the video below and at this link, Datameer's CEO Stefan Groschupf highlights the evolving nature of the Big Data landscape, drawing historical parallels and lessons worth thinking through. A key point: there are risks we must mitigate as the Hadoop ecosystem evolves. Read more May 8, 2015 Read more May 7, 2015 The third annual Big Data 100 list identifies vendors that have demonstrated an ability to innovate in bringing to market products and services that help business work with big data. Here are 53 emerging vendors, launched since 2009, which are pushing the technology envelope and challenging the established vendors. Read more May 6, 2015 Germany may be late to the digital age party, but German companies are eager to catch up with the rest of the world. An increasing number of firms are now forming partnerships with startups in an effort to step away from conservative business approaches and embrace a rapidly evolving tech culture. Read more May 4, 2015 Here are 45 business analytics companies offering everything from simple-to-use reporting tools to highly sophisticated software for tackling the most complex data analysis problems. Slide shows of companies with big data management technologies and companies that provide big data infrastructure, tools and services will follow this week. Read more April 24, 2015 The big data revolution is taking hold. Although it has been around for a while now, 2015 is expected to be the year when its full potential is explored. Businesses are constantly collecting more and more information on their customers and extensive data analytics is enabling companies to target customers more effectively than ever and generate increased revenues. Read more April 22, 2015 Read more April 17, 2015 Read more April 13, 2015 Customers interact with companies through multiple channels, including CRM, digital ads, email campaigns, website, social media, and mobile applications. Yet most digital and marketing teams continue to analyze customer interactions in silos within each of these systems. To get a deep understanding of customer behavior, data-driven companies are combining all types of customer interaction data across all channels and analyzing it together for insights that are not possible if the data were constrained in silos. Read more March 31, 2015 Read more March 24, 2015 Datameer, an end-to-end big data analytics vendor, is partnering with Tableau to enable their mutual customers to move between platforms to analyze and visualize data. Read more March 12, 2015 The Holy Grail of Analytics has always been to embed them seamlessly within all manner of operational systems. Bring insights to the front lines; deliver analysis to professionals across the spectrum of business domains; even optimize machine-to-machine communications to ensure the trains run right on time. Are we there yet? Just about! Read more March 4, 2015 Read more March 2, 2015 Read more February 28, 2015 Read more February 26, 2015 Good data analysis tells a story. When looked at as a whole, data points create a narrative about who is using your product, what they like about it, and what they're doing with it. Once the digitally generated information is humanized, you can then roll out new decisions that make end users happy and hopefully positively affect your bottom line. Read more February 25, 2015 Companies are increasingly tuning into the importance of understanding their customers in order to make their marketing more effective and big data has a key role to play in providing them with the information to do so. Read more February 23, 2015 If you can measure it, you can improve it. Thanks to the explosion in smart devices, consumers are measuring and monitoring all aspects of their lives, giving them new ways to take control and improve their overall well-being. Known as the Quantified Self movement, people are taking advantage of new technologies to track, analyze and optimize how they live and care for themselves. Read more February 19, 2015 Claimed to be the first enterprise-grade Big Data analytics platform targeting department-specific deployments, the new product is part of the exploding movement to simplify the traditionally complicated Hadoop ecosystem comprising multiple, disparate components. Read more February 18, 2015 Cloud-based big data analytics provider Datameer has released Datameer Professional, which the company describes as the first big data analytics platform in the cloud targeted for department-specific deployments. Read more February 18, 2015 Read more February 17, 2015 Read more February 17, 2015 Data analytics platform developer Datameer has created a departmental version of its Hadoop-based software that will be delivered through the cloud. Read more February 17, 2015 While Hadoop has widely been praised, a common complaint is how complex it is. But despite the challenges, many organizations that may not have expertise to properly use Hadoop are still interested in its impressive storage capabilities. Read more February 16, 2015 Datameer Professional is a big data analytics cloud platform specifically for Hadoop-as-a-Service (HaaS) targeted for department-specific deployments. It provides business managers a way to get started with big data without needing to wait for IT to deploy an enterprise-wide solution. Read more February 16, 2015 The analytics wave is expanding to new frontiers as intense competition drives vendors outside their traditional comfort zones. Last week saw good examples of that repositioning as Datameer Inc. pulled the curtains back on a cloud-based implementation of its business intelligence platform. Read more February 16, 2015 Read more February 12, 2015 Datameer Professional is a "Hadoop-as-a-Service" offering, part of a growing trend of simplifying the once-complicated Hadoop ecosystem comprising myriad components. Read more Das Magazin der IHK Halle-Dessau, Jan. & Feb. 2015 Read more February 12, 2015 Datameer, a proven big data insights platform for rapid data discovery, has announced Datameer Professional, a big data analytics platform in the cloud targeted for department-specific deployments. Read more February 12, 2015 San Francisco-based big data platform specialist Datameer was the first big data analytics platform purpose built for Hadoop. Now the company is first to market with a big data analytics platform designed specifically for the cloud. Read more February 12, 2015 Read more February 12, 2015 Talkin' Cloud at the end of each day pulls out five must-read cloud computing stories from the news cycle for its readers to review in the morning. Today's column features AppDirect, Datameer, and AppRiver. Read more February 12, 2015 Bigstep and Datameer have announced that Datameer Professional will be available for enterprises in the Bigstep Full Metal Cloud. The partnership will create direct access to a big data insights platform which has been built for Hadoop and is available as a service in the bare metal cloud. Read more February 12, 2015 BigStep and Datameer have joined forces to bring Hadoop-as-a-service to UK servers for the first time in a bare metal cloud. Read more February 12, 2015 Big-data analytics startup Datameer is rolling out analytics-as-a-service running on Hadoop. Called Datameer Professional, the service targets potential Hadoop users unable to build their own large-scale Hadoop clusters or unwilling to wait for an enterprise-wide rollout. Read more February 11, 2015 Datameer launched a new cloud service called Datameer Professional today that offers customers a Big Data solution without the hassle of installing, configuring and maintaining it themselves in-house. The goal of this new approach is to put the buying decision into the hands of business units, instead of being mainly driven by IT. Read more February 11, 2015 Read more February 11, 2015 Datameer today launched Datameer Professional, a HaaS environment based on big data cloud services provided by Altiscale and Bigstep. The company offers a big data analytics framework that is designed to make Hadoop data more accessible using a construct that is similar to a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet. Here are the details. Read more February 11, 2015 As more businesses want to take advantage of the insights that analysis of big data can offer there's greater demand for the cloud to allow direct access to stored data. Read more January 27, 2015 Read more January 9, 2015 Years ago, when he was asked whether Web services were going to be the "next big thing," Oracle co-founder and then-CEO Larry Ellison responded: "I've spent too much time in Italy to know that you shouldn't ignore fashion." Read more January 5, 2015 Read more 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 Media and Analyst Contact Susan O'Brien Director of Communications (650) 286-9100 sobrien@datameer.com  Monique Sherman PR Manager (650) 316-8677 msherman@datameer.com Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us June 9-11, 2015 Hadoop Summit San Jose Datameer is pleased to be a sponsor at the 8th Annual Hadoop Summit, the leading North America conference for the Apache Hadoop community. This three day event will feature industry thought leaders showcasing successful Hadoop use cases, development and administration tips and tricks, and educate organizations about how best to leverage Apache Hadoop as a key component in their enterprise data architecture. June 9-11, 2015 Hadoop Summit NA San Jose, CA Datameer is pleased to be a sponsor at the 8th Annual Hadoop Summit, the leading North America conference for the Apache Hadoop community. This three day event will feature industry thought leaders showcasing successful Hadoop use cases, development and administration tips and tricks, and educate organizations about how best to leverage Apache Hadoop as a key component in their enterprise data architecture. Register today June 18th, 2015 Cloudera Sessions San Diego, CA Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in San Diego, CA to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today July 21st, 2015 Cloudera Sessions New York, NY Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in New York, NY to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today September 29 - October 1, 2015 Strata + Hadoop World New York New York, NY Join us at the Strata + Hadoop World conference where cutting-edge data scientists and new business fundamentals interact and merge! Stay tuned for more information on how to register for this event. October 8th, 2015 Cloudera Sessions Phoenix, AZ Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in Phoenix, AZ to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today October 20th, 2015 Cloudera Sessions Baltimore, MD Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in Baltimore, MD to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today November 12th, 2015 Cloudera Sessions Austin, TX Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in Austin, TX to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today November 17th, 2015 Cloudera Sessions Chicago, IL Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in Chicago, IL to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Careers at Datameer At Datameer, we take this responsibility very seriously. We are here to help companies get faster time to insight to solve the new use cases that are cropping up with the explosion of structured and unstructured data. Customers love us and we work to make our company even better each day. Open Positions The leader in big data analytics industry  Big Data & Brews with Mike Olson, Chief Strategy Officer, Cloudera   Special "Use Cases" Big Data & Brews: Hadapt, Zementis, Twitter, Concurrent Our Core Values   San Francisco, California, USA New York City, New York, USA Halle/Saale, Germany Watch Video Datameer does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms. We kindly ask that you not attempt to call or email regarding our employment opportunities. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee of Datameer, whether it be by email or any other method will be deemed the sole property of Datameer. In the event the candidate is hired by Datameer no fee will be paid unless such assistance was solicited and a fee agreement is signed and in place. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Datameer Blog  Top 3 Big Data Pain Points for Energy Companies     Data is Personal   Understand Your Customer Interactions Across All Channels   How is Datameer different than [insert your favorite BI tool here]?   Datameer + Bigstep: Big Data Analytics for Your Department Now, Not in Months   Tableau Integration: One Click Magic     Real World Big Data Use Cases: Understanding Customer Interactions [INFOGRAPHIC]   Welcome to Big Data Analytics as a Service: BDAaaS ;)    Subscribe We'll come to you!   Last Posts Archives Recent Tweets Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Stefan's Blog Connect with Stefan Go to Datameer.com Big Data Analytics: The Force Behind the Next Internet of Things Wave By Stefan Groschupf May 29, 2015 Big Data, Big Data Analytics, Datameer, Internet of Things, IoT No comments  By Stefan Groschupf April 8, 2015 Big Data, Big Data Analytics, Datameer, Fraud, healthcare, HealthIT 1 comment  Thanks For Everything, Joe By Stefan Groschupf March 13, 2015 Datameer, joe nicholson 4 comments  By Stefan Groschupf February 28, 2015 Big Data, Big Data Analytics, Data Analytics, Datameer, Health, Olympics, Quantified Self No comments  What Will Happen in Big Data in 2015? My Data-Driven Predictions. By Stefan Groschupf February 6, 2015 Big Data, Datameer, HaaS, Hadoop, Hadoop as a Service, Predictions No comments  A Hadoop Community Success: Elephant Orphanage Update By Stefan Groschupf November 21, 2014 Charity Edition, Elephant Orphanage Project, Elephants, Game Rangers International, Hadoop, Illegal Ivory Trade, ProWildlife 1 comment  Big Data Has the Potential to Transform Health Care By Stefan Groschupf November 14, 2014 Big Data, big data and health care, health care, health care and analytics 1 comment  By Stefan Groschupf October 1, 2014 Apache Tez, computation frameworks, compute frameworks, Datameer 5.0 with Smart Execution, execution engine, MapReduce 1 comment  By Stefan Groschupf September 26, 2014 big data use cases 1 comment  Get Ready for the Datapocalypse By Stefan Groschupf September 9, 2014 data complexity, Datapocalypse, democratize data No comments  Your email:    Products Data Integration Big Data Analytics Smart Analytics Big Data Visualization App Market Data Transformation Big Data Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Hadoop Analytics Solutions Big Data in Financial Sector Big Data in Technology Customer Behavior Analysis Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data Processing Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Datameer Partners Become a Datameer Partner With the Datameer Partner Program, your company benefits from market leading big data analytic solutions combined with programs designed to support your business growth. The Datameer Reseller Partner Program supports your business growth, helps generate new opportunities, increases profitability and closes deals more quickly. Learn more Datameer Referral Partners recommend Datameer Software to their clients. The process is easy and Referral Partners receive revenue for sending opportunities to Datameer that close. Learn more When Technology Partners integrate their offerings with Datameer, both companies benefit. Mutual customers get better results by using the technologies together. Learn more Ready to become a reseller partner? For more information send us an inquiry. Partner Portal Login Please login to access your Datameer Partner benefits, exclusive content, tools, training and more. Not a Partner? Please register to become our partner. Watch Partner Videos Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Contact General inquiries: info@datameer.com Sales: sdr@datameer.com Business development & partnerships: bizdev@datameer.com Careers: careers@datameer.com Press relations: press@datameer.com Call or Fax us Tel: +1 415 817 9558 Fax: +1 415 814 1243 Corporate Headquarters Datameer, Inc. 1550 Bryant Street, Suite 490 San Francisco, CA 94103 USA West Coast 1550 Bryant Street, Suite 490 San Francisco, CA 94103 USA Tel: +1 415 817 9558 Fax: +1 415 814 1243 East Coast 9 East 19th Street, 5th floor New York, NY 10003 USA Tel: +1 646 586 5526 Europe Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Try Datameer For Free  Datameer Releases Major New Version of Analytics Platform Innovations encompass data partitioning, security and analytics  SAN MATEO, Calif., March 20, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Datameer, Inc. (www.datameer.com), a provider of end-user analytics solutions built on Apache Hadoop, today announced the general availability of Version 1.4 of the Datameer solution. Datameer 1.4 adds major new functionality in the areas of data management including partitioning, user and data security as well as expanded support for data source adaptors and support for new versions of Hadoop from Cloudera and IBM. "This release is our most ambitious engineering effort since Version 1.0 and was driven primarily by input from our customers," commented Stefan Groschupf, CEO of Datameer. "Our innovations in data partitioning, multi-way joins, user and data security and support for new Hadoop distributions from Cloudera and IBM keep both Datameer and our customers at the leading edge of Hadoop-based business intelligence." "The new features in Datameer 1.4 demonstrate that Datameer is committed to delivering what customers want with an emphasis on quality and ease of use," stated David Cornell, Software Development Manager at SophosLabs. "We are particularly excited to see support for partitioning which will dramatically enhance report generation performance." "Attributor's original selection of Datameer was driven by our need to quickly provide analytics to our clients," said Matt Robison, President and COO at Attributor. "This new release continues Datameer's ease-of-use innovation especially in the areas of data partitioning and security and we are looking forward to leveraging the new functionality in our work." Datameer is the first and only packaged analytics solution for Apache Hadoop. Designed to help business users and data analysts integrate, analyze and visualize structured and unstructured data, Datameer combines the linear scalability and dramatic cost-effectiveness of Hadoop with complete, packaged analytics functionality. Complete details of the new Datameer Version 1.4 are available here. For more information on Datameer, please visit www.datameer.com. About Datameer Datameer offers the first data analytics solution built on Hadoop that helps business users access, analyze and use massive amounts of data. Founded by Hadoop veterans in 2009, the company's breakthrough product provides unparalleled access to data with minimal IT resources. Datameer scales to 4,000 servers and petabytes of data and is available for all major Hadoop distributions including Apache, Cloudera, EMC, Hortonworks, IBM, MapR, Yahoo!, Amazon and Microsoft Azure. Datameer is based in San Mateo, Calif. Contact: Joe Nicholson  VP, Marketing  jnicholson@datameer.com  831 419-5017  SOURCE Datameer  Visit PR Newswire for Journalists, our free resources for releases, photos and customized feeds. You can also send a free ProfNet request for experts. Custom Packages Browse our custom packages or build your own to meet your unique communications needs. Start today.  PR Newswire Membership Fill out a PR Newswire membership form or contact us at (888) 776-0942. Learn about PR Newswire services Request more information about PR Newswire products and services or call us at (888) 776-0942. Online Member Center Not a member? Sign Up! Advanced Search Datameer Blog  Top 3 Big Data Pain Points for Energy Companies     Data is Personal   Understand Your Customer Interactions Across All Channels   How is Datameer different than [insert your favorite BI tool here]?   Datameer + Bigstep: Big Data Analytics for Your Department Now, Not in Months   Tableau Integration: One Click Magic     Real World Big Data Use Cases: Understanding Customer Interactions [INFOGRAPHIC]   Welcome to Big Data Analytics as a Service: BDAaaS ;)    Subscribe We'll come to you!   Last Posts Archives Recent Tweets Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Stefan's Blog Connect with Stefan Go to Datameer.com Big Data Analytics: The Force Behind the Next Internet of Things Wave By Stefan Groschupf May 29, 2015 Big Data, Big Data Analytics, Datameer, Internet of Things, IoT No comments  By Stefan Groschupf April 8, 2015 Big Data, Big Data Analytics, Datameer, Fraud, healthcare, HealthIT 1 comment  Thanks For Everything, Joe By Stefan Groschupf March 13, 2015 Datameer, joe nicholson 4 comments  By Stefan Groschupf February 28, 2015 Big Data, Big Data Analytics, Data Analytics, Datameer, Health, Olympics, Quantified Self No comments  What Will Happen in Big Data in 2015? My Data-Driven Predictions. By Stefan Groschupf February 6, 2015 Big Data, Datameer, HaaS, Hadoop, Hadoop as a Service, Predictions No comments  A Hadoop Community Success: Elephant Orphanage Update By Stefan Groschupf November 21, 2014 Charity Edition, Elephant Orphanage Project, Elephants, Game Rangers International, Hadoop, Illegal Ivory Trade, ProWildlife 1 comment  Big Data Has the Potential to Transform Health Care By Stefan Groschupf November 14, 2014 Big Data, big data and health care, health care, health care and analytics 1 comment  By Stefan Groschupf October 1, 2014 Apache Tez, computation frameworks, compute frameworks, Datameer 5.0 with Smart Execution, execution engine, MapReduce 1 comment  By Stefan Groschupf September 26, 2014 big data use cases 1 comment  Get Ready for the Datapocalypse By Stefan Groschupf September 9, 2014 data complexity, Datapocalypse, democratize data No comments  Your email:    Products Data Integration Big Data Analytics Smart Analytics Big Data Visualization App Market Data Transformation Big Data Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Hadoop Analytics Solutions Big Data in Financial Sector Big Data in Technology Customer Behavior Analysis Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data Processing Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Forgot password? Already using Twitter via text message? Datameer @datameer Hadoop-based Big Data Analytics. Single, self-service application for big data integration, analytics & visualization. Free 14-day trial: http://bit.ly/14Obe9B Tweets @datameer is blocked Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @datameer.  @quantifiedself @Personal_Gold I knew it! They used @Datameer for the data! So proud to work there! We're looking for Producer/Editor. Would love any recommendations! #bigdata #hadoop http://jobvite.com/m?31L1qhwZ #job How To Boost Customer Acquisition As A Data-Driven CMO http://gag.gl/oKgX14 I think we figured out the NYC office uniform #wearedatameer pic.twitter.com/LFgla8OlwO We're looking for Senior Java Engineer. Would love any recommendations! #bigdata #hadoop http://hire.jobvite.com/m?3NHsqhw8 #job The @HHLnews Investors Day 2015 with @StefanGroschupf , CEO @datameer on how to master a startup: customer first!!! pic.twitter.com/NaPMLWdbPJ @datameer hasn't tweeted yet. Loading seems to be taking a while. Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information. This has already been marked as containing sensitive content.  Add a location to your Tweets When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more The URL of this tweet is below. Copy it to easily share with friends. Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again? Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen. Rapid big data integration Free up your IT resources from data plumbing and empower IT and business users to integrate any data source, rapidly.  Hear how some of our customers use Datameer to integratea variety of data to find new insights faster. No ETL Data is the raw materials of insight and the more data you have, the deeper and broader the possible insights. Not just traditional, transaction data but all types of data so that you can get a complete view of your customers, better understand business processes and improve business performance. Datameer ignores the limitations of ETL and static schemas to empower business users to integrate data from any source into Hadoop. Pre-built data connector wizards for all common structured and unstructured data sources means that data integration is an easy, three step process of where, what and when. See all 60+ data connectors Import jobs Datameer loads all data in raw format directly into Hadoop. The process is optimized and supported with robust sampling, parsing, scheduling and data retention tools that make it simple and efficient for any user to get the data they need quickly. This is the way Datameer solves Big Data Integration. Data links Some use cases, such as analyzing constantly changing user data, lend themselves to streaming the data into Hadoop as analytics are run. This ensures that user data is always up to date. Datameer provides data links to any data source for just that purpose. Integrate all of your data fast and easy. Big data management Analytics results can be exported to other data stores such as an EDW, RDBMS, NoSQL database or file server for use in online applications, or can be published to traditional legacy BI/reporting tools automatically. GET results fast via REST  Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us What is big data analytics? It is the ability to ask and answer questions based on all your data, without limitations. Datameer can take you from simple joins and transforms to complex predictive analytics. Anyone can use the point and click functions, or become an expert and write your own functions. Big data analytics and transformation Datameer provides the most complete solution to analyze structured and unstructured data. Not limited by a pre-built schema, the point and click functions means your analytics are only limited by your imagination. Even the most complex nested joins of a large number of datasets can be performed using an interactive dialog. Mix and match analytics and data transformations in unlimited number of data processing pipelines. Leave the raw data untouched. Understand the shape of your data Increase conversions Move the needle on web site conversions by combining web traffic data with social media, marketing, sales and other data. Web analytics should be about the effect, not just the number of clicks. Datameer brings a rich set of functions that allows you to see insights across any set of data sources. Functions such as sessionization, click path, and url parameter extraction can give you a more complete picture of visitor interaction and helps you to deliver a more personalized user experience and increase conversion rates. Endless correlations Datameer turbocharges time series analytics by correlating multiple sets of complex, disparate data. Resulting analytics are endless including correlation of credit card transactions with card holder authorizations, network traffic data, marketing interaction data and many more. The end game is a clear window into the operations of your business, giving you the actionable insights you need to make business decisions. It is the big data analytics made easy in every step. Predictive scoring for Hadoop The Zementis Universal PMML Plug-in for Datameer brings together essential technologies, offering the best combination of open standards and scalability for the application of predictive analytics for big data. The Plug-in fully supports the Predictive Model Markup Language (PMML), the de facto standard for data mining applications, which enables the integration of predictive models from IBM/SPSS, SAS, R, and many more. Learn more at Zementis.com Watch a recorded webinar of Datameer with Zementis. Hadoop and R code View the video where Hans Henning Gabriel, one of Datameer's Data Scientist, explains how to call R code from within Datameer for advanced Hadoop analytics. Hadoop and R code View the video where Hans Henning Gabriel, one of Datameer's Data Scientist, explains how to call R code from within Datameer for advanced Hadoop analytics.  Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Studies show the brain processes images 60,000x faster than text. The final step in your big data analytics workflow, the big data analytics visualization is a visual representation of the insights gained from your analysis. In Datameer, your visualization is tied to your analysis, so any time your data changes, your visualization will automatically update with the newest results. Graphs, maps, tables, shapes Freeform layout WYSIWYG editor  HTML5 Datameer utilizes HTML5 and runs on all of the latest tablets such as the iPad as well as all popular smart phones including iPhone and Android devices. Datameer supports all popular operating systems and runs on Windows, Mac IOS, Linux and VMWare. With a state-of-the-art graphics core, Datameer scales to the power of the users CPU. Joint customers of Datameer and Tableau can now integrate, prepare and analyze all of their structured and unstructured data in Datameer and Hadoop, and, when needed, export it to either Tableau Desktop or Tableau Server to augment their traditional reporting and visual discovery capabilities. This one-click bridge opens the door for Tableau customers who need to look beyond structured data to do so in Datameer, and then seamlessly move back to Tableau for visualization. Learn More Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Big Data Governance Ensuring enterprise-grade data integrity and regulatory compliance in a Big Data environment Download Data Governance Technical Brief    Visual data profiling lets you spot data outliers easily, quickly and early in the cleansing and analysis process, safeguarding downstream analysis from dirty data. Impact analysis allows you to understand who or what will be affected if a change is made in the data pipeline. Detailed data statistics illuminate issues with quality, completeness and throughput.  Multi-stage analytics pipelines enable users to build data preparation or analytics workbooks on top of secure data views, and apply policies at every stage of the pipeline from ingest to export. Secure data views enable administrators and privileged users to expose a subset of fields to specific groups of users, and apply masking and anonymization (or aggregation) to sensitive data fields, while leveraging column-level security of Datameer and external systems. This ensures all users are always working from a single standard source of truth.   Data lineage allows you to visually understand and track every step that led to your final result, from initial data ingest, across joins and through every single transformation. Understand who did what, and when. Audit logs capture every login, change of permissions and other privileged actions that might involve sensitive data. Manage your data retention policy with Datameer's flexible data retirement rules. For each imported data set, an individual set of rules can easily be configured to keep data permanently, or purge records that are older than a specific time window. Security rules allow retired data to be either instantly removed, retained until a specified time, or manually removed after system administrator approval.   While the Hadoop ecosystem evolves and governance standards and technologies emerge, Datameer gives you the rigorous data governance you need right now, with a pluggable architecture and open APIs that protects your investment as new systems and standards are introduced.  Learn how easy it is to pull data from multiple sources, prepare them for analysis and visualize the results in minutes.Let one of our product experts give you a 15 minute demo.  Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Optimized, intelligent, dynamic analytics Try Datameer for Free  Datameer then uses a snapshot of total and currently available system resources to intelligently allocate and schedule each concurrent workload for maximum throughput. For users, this is completely transparent. No one needs to configure anything or select anything. And most importantly, no extra hardware (such as a duplicate cluster or specialized server configuration) or software is required. Performance End User Productivity Optimized Hardware Utilization Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Big data analytics, smarter Download Datameer Smart Analytics datasheet Clustering With clustering (a K-means algorithm) Datameer automatically finds non-obvious but related groups within your data by automating the process of identifying and measuring common attributes within the dataset. The obvious benefit is that if you can segment your data into groups, you can treat the groups differently. For example, drag-and-drop to identify groups in: Decision trees For example, find out what common attributes influence: Column dependencies Want to know how strongly a single data attribute like age, location, or gender, relates to other data attributes like income, college degree, or credit score? The column dependency algorithm automatically compares every possible data attribute combination and visually ranks the strengths of those relationships so you can instantly see where to focus further. Those relationships are important themselves and is often used to help target further analysis. For example, see the relationship between: Recommendation engine For example, predict interest in: Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Packaged analytics expertise to get big data insights fast Browse the App Market Fastest time to insight Now you never have to waste precious time by starting from scratch. Anyone can simply browse the Analytics App Market, download an app, connect to data, and get instant results. But why stop there? Every application is completely open so you can customize it, extend it, or even mash it up with other applications to get the insights you need. Built by data scientists, analysts, or subject matter experts, analytic apps range from horizontal use cases like email and social sentiment analysis to vertical or even product-specific applications like advanced Salesforce.com sales-cycle analysis. Analytic apps from any data You got what it takes to build custom analytics, so why not share what you create with the world, and get rewarded for your expertise? With Datameer, all it takes to turn your work into an app is a single right-click. Every time a user purchases your app from the App Market, they get insights, and you get paid. Social Trending Topics Analyzing Twitter data Social Statistics Analyzing Facebook data Professional Network Analytics Analyzing LinkedIn data Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Technology of Datameer Good citizen in your IT infrastructure Datameer is built on open standards compatible with IT infrastructures. A wide range of integration points are available to import and export data. Administration, configuration and monitoring are accessible in the end-user interface or via command line. Datameer acts like a good tenant by sharing your Hadoop environment with other applications, fully utilizing the platform and its native APIs. Datameer is the most open Hadoop analytics platform, which uses the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) to easily import, export, store and manage data. Custom MapReduce jobs can be integrated and harmonized using concepts like the Datameer Data Links and the REST API. Datameer includes a state-of-the-art job planner and optimizer. Similar to database query planners, the Datameer job planner takes the user input (a workbook) and plans the lowest number of MapReduce jobs to execute the workbook. The job planner and optimizer takes advantage of the data profile information gathered during data import and uses this for optimization. Datameer is architected from ground up for Hadoop and takes advantage of the unique NoSQL analytics power of Hadoop. Other tools just connect and copy data from Hadoop. Datameer uses the power of Apache Hadoop to break the decades-old cycle of slow, static, and difficult to use data analytics architecture. Datameer reduces the conventional BI complexity of three applications, ETL, data warehouse and BI by integrating all three applications into one powerful platform. Micro Kernel Datameer is the most open, Hadoop-based analytics platform in the market. Built on top of a thin micro kernel foundation, Datameer is comprised of hundreds of plugins, similar to architectures like Eclipse. This allows the system to be extremely flexible, extendable and robust. Individual plugins run in a shared nothing sandbox classloader environment and different plugins can run different versions of code without any effect to the system. This architecture allows extension and/or replacement of individual parts of the system with custom plugins such as decryption of data during import. SDK Datameer includes a no cost SDK that makes writing custom plugins for import, export, functions, and visualizations possible for any future need. Integrating existing user-defined functions from Apache Pig, Hive or other systems is a minimal development effort and developers can go much further by integrating functions from R, Python or other languages and systems. REST API All of Datameer's major components are exposed through REST APIs. This enables system monitoring with any "industry standard" or custom monitoring tool. The system can also be provisioned with import / export jobs, workbooks and infographics, all from the REST API, making Datameer an ideal choice to build data driven applications and exposing it outside your organization. HTML 5 A innovative HTML5 web user interface makes the daily work in Datameer a breeze. Ease of use and productivity are the highest design principals. Datameer supports all modern browsers and delivers a native desktop application feel in your browser. Datameer is accessed on any browser whether that is on your laptop, tablet, or your smart phone and runs centralized and secure in your data center or the cloud. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Datameer Professional The First Big Data Analytics Platform for Hadoop-as-a-Service Datameer Professional is the first SaaS big data analytics platform designed for department-specific deployments. This cost-effective offering leverages Hadoop-as-a-service, so business executives and managers can get up and running in minutes without the need for enterprise-wide Hadoop deployments.  Contact Us to Purchase In North America, Datameer Professional leverages the enterprise grade Hadoop-as-a-service offering provided by Altiscale. Altiscale offers the Altiscale Data Cloud, the only HaaS purpose-built for high performance and elastic scalability. With Datameer Professional, you can easily ingest, analyze and visualize terabytes of structured and unstructured data from all your data sources, combining them in powerful new ways to deliver insights that transform your business. Download Data Sheet North America Data Sheet Europe Data Sheet Get an instant visual profile of all of your data, to quickly identify and correct anomalies earlier in the data preparation process. Quickly combine and analyze all your structured and unstructured data using 270 pre-built analytic functions, and get a deeper understanding of your customer journey and your operations. Rapidly discover new insights that produce business-changing results in hours, not months.  License Users Hadoop Support Available Services Available Security & Monitoring Data Integration Premium Modules 5 TB Up to 25 Hadoop-as-a-Service (cloud) Online, email & phone Training & consulting Monitoring, security & notification  Available Add-On Smart Execution Smart Analytics Data Integration Data Sources File Types Other Data Connectivity Capabilities Analytics Visualization / Infographics Data Management Monitoring / Automation Security Extensibility Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us eBookFinancial Services Use Case (PDF) Financial Services Leading financial service organizations are using big data analytics for both compliance and regulation, as well as building the business by getting advanced insights into customers, markets and operations. Customer Segmentation Variety 50+ different feeds, MySQL and JSON data from message queues and flat files, and log files Volume As their customer base grew, data volumes outstripped the capacity of their existing RDMBS-based system. With mushrooming customer acquisition costs, it has become more important to target promotions effectively. Now, information about a person comes from social media sources in addition to traditional transaction data. To deal with all the data they needed and the pressure to reduce customer acquisition costs, this financial services company used Datameer to correlate purchase history, profile information and behavior on social media sites. For example, they collected customer profile data and then correlate it with transaction history and things the customers "liked" on Facebook. This way, the company was able to offer a special promotions to health food stores to customers who "liked" watching cooking programs and shopped frequently at an organic foods store.  Fraud Detection Variety Point of Sale, Geo-location, Authorization, Transaction data Volume & Velocity 7.5B transactions per month  Credit card fraud has changed. Instead of stealing a credit card and using it to buy big ticket items, some credit card thieves have become more sophisticated. For example, they can now making numerous, small transactions that are seemingly benign. But if Joe is making 100 $5 margarita transactions at various locations, something is wrong. By analyzing point of sale, geolocation, authorization, and transaction data with Datameer, this financial customer was able to identify fraud patterns in historical data.   Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Healthcare The healthcare industry is undergoing a massive transformation, resulting in a host of new challenges that can hurt care quality, customer experiences, and the bottom line. But with big data analytics, you can move to data-driven healthcare that generates the insights your organization needs to significantly improve operational efficiency, quality of care, and profitability. Why Big Data Analytics?  Improve Patient Experiences and Outcomes New regulations and technologies are giving patients more control over their own care, as well as the freedom to choose innovative providers who can deliver consistent, high-quality, personalized service. To compete and win, you need the ability to monitor customer experiences in real time, minimize medical errors, and empower your people to make the most of each customer interaction at every touch point. Increase Operational Efficiency for Higher Profitability Succeed with New Reimbursement Models Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us High Tech With new data sources from hardware, software and applications cropping up each day, there are countless practical applications of big data analytics to increase revenue or decrease costs in the high-tech sector. Optimize Funnel Conversion Variety 100s of files, logs and other data sources Volume & Velocity Data volume growing 2x every 15 months   Tracking a lead all the way from AdWord click through to transaction requires that several database silos be broken down, and disparate datasets be joined. Learn how Datameer helped one company earn $20M in additional revenue by optimizing funnel conversion. Generating traffic is good. But generating traffic that leads to sales is better. Datameer has helped companies identify which Google adwords lead to sales. By analyzing Google adwords, Salesforce, and Marketo data, this company was able to track a lead from adword click through to transaction. As a result, this company was able to improve funnel conversion by 3x, leading to $20M in additional revenue.  Predictive Support Predict Security Threats The average cost of a data breach is $5.5M. See how this company used Datameer to track a virus across geographies and ultimately predict where the next threat would occur, reducing the risk for a potential data breach. The security landscape is always changing. So changes in behavior can indicate where the next attack may occur. For example, this company used Datameer to follow a virus that started in Russia, moved across Asia, to the US, and forcing Windows upgrades in its path. By seeing where the traffic was generated in particular geographic areas, they could predict where the next security threats would be. This enabled them to proactively go after the security threats and reduce the risk of a data breach, which on average costs organizations $5.5M.  Device Analytics Variety 100s of files, logs and other data sources Volume & Velocity Data volume growing 2x every 15 months     Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Telecommunications Customer and Operational Analytics for Telecommunications Telecommunications services providers gain a better understanding of customers, reduce churn and optimize network capacity with big data analytics For Telecommunications service providers, customer loyalty is key to revenue. With deregulation, its all about knowing who your customers and prospects are, attracting new ones while keeping the customers you have and making sure your network is optimized to perform best for your subscribers at the least cost. Customer analytics is at the heart of understanding just who your customers are, what is their behavior and preferences and how you can find new revenue in both existing and new customers. To do this requires the integration and analysis of data both inside and outside the business. In addition to subscriber data, data on network usage, device usage, social media and even call center detail records are critical in getting the most complete view of customer behavior and usage. With the requisite data and the correct analytics, you can get an accurate view of which customers to target, what their preferences are and how best to reach them. Infrastructure costs are a major driver of telecommunications profit and loss and network capacity planning is a key component. Too much infrastructure in a given situation wastes precious dollars while insufficient infrastructure risks customer dissatisfaction and churn. One telecommunications company wanted to reduce infrastructure costs by using an advanced forecasting methodology that integrated, analyzed, and correlated a variety of subscriber, network, and location data. In addition, the company had a goal of improving forecast accuracy and wanted a means to compare forecasted network traffic against actual traffic. Finally, they wanted a user interface that supported reporting, interactive what-if scenarios, and visualization with clustering and geographic heat map functionality. Solution Using Datameer, the company integrates subscriber data including demographics, device, access technology (2G/3G/4G), and application behavior and correlates it with specific network capabilities, such as 3G capacity and Long-Term Evolution (LTE) network availability, and network performance data. They also analyze and correlate subscriber and network data with specific physical location data such as pedestrian areas, public entrances, events, office/business parks, and tourist attractions to perform a clustering analysis. To visualize both highly congested areas and areas with excess network capacity, the company uses Datameer to integrate and analyze market demographic data with network data and ultimately to generate a network traffic heat map. This enables them to make an informed decision about areas where demand was very near to capacity, in which case LTE rollouts should be prioritized and marketing efforts should be temporarily scaled back areas. They also identify geographic areas where excess capacity exists and where they can potentially ramp up marketing activities. To improve forecast accuracy, the company uses Datameer to monitor and track actual versus forecasted network traffic and to continually fine-tune the forecasting model. They also built a what-if model to analyze how different revenue growth and increase in specific access technology usage will impact capex investments. They also use Datameer to analyze new over-the-top (OTT) services, understand the network impact, and build the best business strategy to accommodate these new services.  Benefits With the new insight generated through big data analytics with Datameer, this telecommunications company gained a complete view of its customers and which mobile towers are being used by power users. As a result they saved over hundred million dollars in network optimization, by upgrading the towers that are mostly used by power users. Telecommunication companies can increase revenue by using big data to understand customer buying journey, better understand behavior of customers who are at risk of churn and can save millions of dollars each year is capital company expenditures for infrastructure. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us eBook Using Big Data to Understand Customer Journeys and Drive Revenue (PDF) Webinar Precisely Understanding Your Customer Journey Webinar Build Your Own Customer Journey Application Customer Analytics The Business Challenge As a CMO, digital marketing, or customer loyalty executive responsible for optimizing customer acquisition and loyalty campaigns, you need greater visibility into the customer buying journey. Why? Because deeper, data-driven customer insights are critical to tackling challenges like improving customer conversion rates, personalizing campaigns to increase revenue, predicting and avoiding customer churn, and lowering customer acquisition costs. Increase Customer Acquisition Increase Revenue Per Customer Decrease Customer Acquisition Cost Reduce Customer Churn Product Enhancement  Why Big Data Analytics? Datameer Helps You Get Insights from Big Data Analytics Faster  With Datameer, you can perform customer path and market basket analysis and review decision trees to determine who and what led to the acquisition of certain products for each demographic. And you can perform interactive data discovery to identify the most common customer path and sequence of events that led to a purchase. Learn How Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Identifying New Revenue Streams with Big Data (PDF) Data-Driven Products and Services The Business Challenge Savvy companies are leveraging big data to gain insights that lead to new product and service offerings. Think CRM data, social media, transaction data, geo-location data, device, sensor and product data. You can even enrich your data with brokered, third-party data. All this and more can be used to generate insights that can lead to new products such as innovative data and analysis offerings. For example, you could sell analytics reporting to help companies make their ads campaigns more impactful. Or operationalize analytically-driven, predictive support offerings so customers can ensure 100% uptime for mission-critical servers. The possibilities are endless. Monetize Data New Product Innovation New Service Innovation  Why Big Data Analytics? Datameer Helps You Get Insights from Big Data Analytics Faster  Learn How Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Using Big Data to Identify Fraud and Compliance (PDF) Fraud and Compliance The Business Challenge Credit Card Fraud Detection Criminal Behavior Regulatory Compliance Cyber Attack Prevention Why Big Data Analytics? For example, you can perform time series analysis, data profiling and accuracy calculations, data standardization, root cause analysis, breach detection, and fraud scoring. You can also run identity verifications, risk profiles, and data visualizations and perform master data management. Datameer Helps You Get Insights from Big Data Analytics Faster  At every step, they can take advantage of strong metadata management and data lineage functions, machine learning capabilities, intuitive self-service, and data profiling (for example, to detect anomalies in data that could lead to fraud detection and identification of compliance violations). You can also perform Smart Sampling, which enables interactive analytic data discovery and design. Our solutions delivers bottom-line results. For example, in just 2-4 weeks, Datameer customers have gained insights that helped them: Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us eBook Top Five High-Impact Use Cases for Big Data Analytics (PDF) EDW Optimization The Business Challenge The solution is to offload the most challenging data management and analytics activities to new technologies and management approaches designed to handle them. For example, do you need to cut the costs of data preparation and cleansing? Reduce time to insight by offloading the most time-consuming analytical tasks? Support a variety of new data types, especially unstructured data? Or better manage rapidly growing log, sensor and other unstructured data? The good news is, big data analytics solutions that run on Hadoop can solve these challenges. Offload Expensive Analytics Offload Expensive Data Preparation to Lower Cost Data Discovery Deal with Variety of Data Types Why Big Data Analytics? Use Case #1 Move all data to Hadoop for analysis and storage (re-platform)   Use Case #2 Migrate expensive data preparation & analytics to a lower cost environment   Use Case #3 Use Hadoop to deal with variety of data types   Datameer Helps You Get Insights from Big Data Analytics Faster Using Datameer and Hadoop at every step, you can take advantage of linear scalability, point-and-click data preparation and cleansing, visual data profiling functions, and a metadata repository that automatically tracks data lineage. You also get strong security, monitoring and scheduling capabilities and a schema-on-write approach that eliminates the need to pre-model data. Together, these capabilities provide a cost-effective, linearly scalable and flexible solution that drives the fastest time to insight when compared to all other solutions. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us WebinarTop 5 Operational Analytics IoT Big Data Use Cases eBookUsing Big Data to Deliver Faster Operational Insights (PDF) Case StudyOil & Gas: Improving Oil Production (PDF) Operational Analytics The Business Challenge The question is, how can you, as an IT executive, help them achieve these goals? By quickly delivering high-impact data projects that help them achieve their goals. Armed with the right solutions, they can analyze product availability and predict product failures before they occur, optimize existing infrastructure to increase up-time, and reduce operational and capital expenditures. And they can better meet service level agreements by proactively identifying and fixing potential issues before real problems occur. Industrial Monitoringand Optimization Network Planning IT OperationAnalytics Internet of Things Supply ChainAnalytics Why Big Data Analytics? Datameer Helps You Get Insights from Big Data Analytics Faster  At Datameer, we make big data analytics so simple that anyone can use it to turn log, sensor and device data into valuable, timely insights. And we can do it faster than any other solution on the market. Using Datameer, you can ingest, cleanse, prepare, analyze and visualize all of your data in hours or days, not months. We provide a one-stop-shop for getting all of your sensor, log, and other machine data into Hadoop; quickly analyzing that data; and visualizing your results using wizard-based data integration, point-and-click analytics, and drag-and-drop visualizations. Learn How Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Hadoop Tutorials Getting Started with Datameer 05:05 How to Use Analytics Scheduling in Datameer 02:10 FIltering Data 02:29  Getting Started with Datameer 05:05 Understanding Sample Data 02:01 Datameer and Hadoop 01:44 SDK Overview 01:24 How to Use Analytics Scheduling in Datameer 02:10 How To Create A Data Store 01:47 File Upload 01:45 Filtering Data 02:29 Sorting Data 02:17 Joining Data03:32 GroupBy Function in Datameer 01:21 GROUPCOUNT and GROUPAVERAGE Functions in Datameer 01:16 Exporting Data 02:07 Infographic User Interface 02:41 Bar Chart 01:15 Sunburst Chart 01:27 Pie and Doughnut Chart 00:57 Customize Your Data Visualization 02:39 Customer Analytics 04:31 Operational Analytics 01:48 Fraud Detection02:51 Customer Funnel Optimization 02:28 Download Analytics 03:28 Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Join the Community Benefits of joining Datameer community  Join the community Datameer Forums Get the most of out the Datameer community by engaging with other like-minded users, technologists and specialists in the Datameer forums. Events Join us at an upcoming Datameer event or trade show. Documentation Read up on the latest tips and tricks, and reference material. Configure Datameer If you are in charge of installing Datameer here's some tips that can help with a brand new installation: Configuring Datameer. Also be sure to check out the Installation section of the forums: Datameer Forums Build a Plug-In If you need to cross a technical chasm, we can help here as well because we know there are times when you just have to build the bridge yourself. Here's how to build a plug-in: Using the Plug-in SDK Partitioning Learn what partitioning means for your data: Partitioning Data in Datameer Use Cases Be sure to look at our Solution Briefs to understand how Datameer addresses big data problems around different customer pain-points. Enterprise Formats Customers are using JSON as wide-spread standard in data formats. Here's a video on importing JSON. Industry Reads/Watches Check out David McCandless on Data Visualization who turns complex data sets into beautiful, simple diagrams. Suggestions, questions and comments, please email us at support@datameer.com Dashboard Home Welcome To Datameer Version 5.0  Installing and Configuring Datameer The Setup Guide is for people who are installing Datameer for the first time. Check the requirements and supported platforms, then download and install Datameer. Where to next? The Concepts Guide will help you get started. The Administrator's Guide is for people with Datameer administration rights. It will help you set up users and connections, import data, set up jobs, configure the Hadoop cluster settings, database drivers and email server. You may also find the Hadoop and Datameer, FAQ, and Support Forum useful. The Hadoop and Datameer is for people with Datameer administration rights. It will help you set up and configure the Hadoop cluster settings for several different environments, learn about and use third-party monitoring software, and learn about using Datameer and Hadoop with VMware. Using Datameer The Datameer Functions Guide explains how to use the Formula Builder and then provides a reference to the more than 175 built-in functions that are available to you. In addition, because Datameer is extensible, you can use functions from third-party tools or write your own commands. Extending Datameer The Guide for Developers resources are for software developers who want to create their own plugins for Datameer. Take a look at the Developer Tutorials and the API Documentation. Where to Get Help Help and Support Evaluating Datameer The Contact - Help - Evaluation resources are for people who want to take a closer look at Datameer. You can evaluate Datameer in the cloud on Amazon EC2 or you can try Datameer in a standalone environment using a VMware image. You can read more about both options and evaluate Datameer using the choice that is best for you.  Datameer Big Data Certification Program Big Data Analytics Certification for Analysts and Admins The Datameer Big Data Certification program validates your technical proficiency in a variety of different areas. From developing basic analytics to tuning hadoop cluster configuration parameters, we've got a certification program that enriches your knowledge to meet today's requirements. Datameer skills are in high demand and customers want highly competent people. Join the community and get certified by Datameer. Learn More View Enrollment Instructions The Admin Certification Program creates best-of-breed Datameer administrators who can fully configure, deploy and maintain Datameer in advanced Hadoop cluster configurations. This program is all about how to properly configure clusters, enterprise integration, security, and advanced tuning. Learn More View Enrollment Instructions Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Download Trial FAQ What is the Datameer Trial Edition? The Datameer Trial Edition is a limited term, standalone, fully functional version of Datameer that enables users to see and use the full analytics functionality of Datameer running on a single node. What functionality of Datameer is included in the Datameer Trial Edition? All of the functionality for data integration, analytics and visualization of Datameer is included within the Datameer Trial Edition and is run on a local machine on a single node. What versions of Hadoop are supported on the Datameer Trial Edition? The Datameer Trial Edition runs on a single node on a local machine and includes Apache Hadoop. Datameer supports all of the popular Hadoop distributions including Apache, Cloudera, EMC Greenplum, IBM, MapR, Yahoo! and Amazon Elastic MapReduce. If users wish to use Datameer running on a Hadoop cluster using any of these distributions, please contact Datameer here. What versions of the Datameer Trial Edition versions are supported? The Datameer Trial Edition is available for Windows, Linux (Debian or Red Hat), VMWare and as a Zip, which can be installed by hand on any Linux distribution or Mac OS. What are the system requirements for installing Datameer? The Datameer Trial Edition has the following system requirements: Oracle Java 1.6.x (up-to-date bug fix version recommended, OpenJDK will not work) Internet Explorer 7/8, Firefox 3+ or Safari 4+ with Flash plug-in installed 200MB free HD for the program plus HD storage for data 1GB of RAM Dual-core CPU What are the credentials to login into the application? Use user: admin and password: admin. How long does the Datameer Trial version last? The Datameer Trial Edition is active for 15 calendar days from the time that the trial license is activated. Once the 15 calendar days have run, the trial license key will expire and the software will no longer function. Can I get an extension of the trial license past the 15 calendar days? The Datameer Trial Edition is designed for users to quickly and easily see and understand the functionality of the Datameer Analytics Solution. For trial periods longer than 15 days, please contact Datameer here. What support is available for the Datameer Trial Edition? Datameer provides an extensive library of documentation including Setup Guide and User Guide, as well as a number of tutorial videos on the features and functionality of Datameer. The full Datameer documentation is available here. In addition, the Datameer Trial Edition is supported by the Datameer Professional Services organization that can answer questions via email on features and functionality. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Datameer News  2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 June 17, 2015 The next wave of innovation about to wash over the connected world is the industrial Internet of Things (IoT). Beyond smart watches and FitBits, forward-thinking businesses are applying the concept of IoT to complex, psychical machinery, like jet engines and locomotives, to unleash unexpected growth opportunities and fuel innovation. Read more June 16, 2015 In June 2015, Datameer announced new data governance capabilities for its native Hadoop environment. Datameer is helping solidify Hadoop as a mature and transparent platform for production-ready, mission-critical, and regulatory-compliant analytics. Read more June 15, 2015 Read more June 15, 2015 Read more June 15, 2015 Datameer, a self-service big data insights platform, announced data governance features for Hadoop analytics so users don't have to choose between self-service big data analytics and a governable big data architecture. Read more June 10, 2015 Read more June 10, 2015 With the growing usage of Hadoop, Datameer launched a custom big data analytics application to help people generate insights from data faster than ever before. Datameer provides applications with several benefits such as lightweight architecture, ease of integration, fast execution time and ease of use among many other advantages. Read more June 9, 2015 "Agility should be a key requirement in any big data governance strategy," said Chris Twogood, vice president of product and services marketing at Teradata, in a statement. "Teradata Loom avoids an IT bottleneck by providing Hadoop end users agile mechanisms to find, understand, prepare, secure, and manage data throughout its lifecycle." Read more June 9, 2015 Datameer has announced new data governance capabilities for its native Hadoop environment offering an end-to-end big data analytics application for Hadoop designed to make big data accessible. Datameer combines self-service data integration, analytics and visualization functionality. Read more June 9, 2015 Big Data platform Datameer and business analytics provider Tableau have announced a new technology connector combining their respective solutions into a Hadoop analytics and visualization tool. Read more June 8, 2015 Read more June 5, 2015 A look at the latest big data, business analytics and business intelligence developments for the week ending June 5, 2015. Read more June 5, 2015 Read more June 4, 2015 Datameer has just announced their introduction of new data governance capabilities in a Hadoop environment. This is a push towards assisting organizations with data quality, security and compliance problems that result from the growth of analytics tools by business users. Read more June 4, 2015 Read more June 4, 2015 By utilizing the Internet of Things (IoT) and analytics, companies are able to learn where there are inefficiencies and innovate their business to run smarter and leaner delivering new value to their customer base. Our friends over at Datameer just released a new infographic relating to Big Data and the IoT. Read more June 3, 2015 Read more June 3, 2015 The Apache Hadoop/Big Data ecosystem has been too much like the "Wild West," according to Datameer Inc., with different vendors doing their own things and producing many different solutions, but with too little overall concern for data governance and security protocols. Read more June 3, 2015 Datameer is giving its native Hadoop environment new data governance capabilities in an effort to help organizations tackle data quality, security and compliance problems stemming from the growing use of analytics tools by business users. Read more June 3, 2015 One of the biggest inhibitors to applying Hadoop in any production environment is the general lack of governance tools for IT organizations to use to manage access permissions for the data that resides there. Read more June 3, 2015 Datameer, which is billed as a big data insights platform for rapid data discovery, has announced new data governance capabilities for its native Hadoop environment. We've been reporting on indications that many enterprises are finding Hadoop, well, very hard to deploy and manage. Read more June 3, 2015 The popularity of big data has boosted demand for Hadoop systems. Yet data handling and analytic capabilities are often seen as the key features while governance and security get relegated to a support role. Read more Salesforce (NYSE:CRM) estimates adding analytics and Business Intelligence (BI) applications will increase their Total Addressable Market (TAM) by $13B in FY2014. 89% of business leaders believe Big Data will revolutionize business operations in the same way the Internet did. 83% have pursued Big Data projects in order to seize a competitive edge. Read more May 18, 2015 Read more May 18, 2015 More money, more problems. As you move up the workforce ladder, you can pretty much expect one thing to be true: your email inbox is going to explode. More than you thought was possible. With all of the talk around Big Data, I thought it would be an interesting experiment to see if I could use Big Data analytics to figure out how to combat (or at least better prepare myself for) the inevitable. Read more May 15, 2015 What are the most high-impact BI tools for self-service? The schema-free or schema-light approach is a fundamental thing that enables the tools to work the way they work. I think visual first, including more visuals at more stages throughout the process. Read more May 15, 2015 As part of our ongoing monthly editorial campaign at Solutions Review, I was lucky enough to have the opportunity to link up with Matt Schumpert, Director of Product Management at Datameer regarding our May BI topic of self-service and data democratization. Read more May 15, 2015 Companies are now understanding the importance of big data and are spending increasing amounts of time and money to collect it, but the question they now need to ask themselves is: is bigger data always better data? Read more May 14, 2015 Read more May 12, 2015 Datameer Big Data Analytics Platform for Hadoop-as-a-Service : Datameer Professional, is a SaaS big data analytics platform targeted for department specific deployments. Datameer offering features leading Hadoop cloud providers Altiscale and Bigstep. Read more May 11, 2015 In the video below and at this link, Datameer's CEO Stefan Groschupf highlights the evolving nature of the Big Data landscape, drawing historical parallels and lessons worth thinking through. A key point: there are risks we must mitigate as the Hadoop ecosystem evolves. Read more May 8, 2015 Read more May 7, 2015 The third annual Big Data 100 list identifies vendors that have demonstrated an ability to innovate in bringing to market products and services that help business work with big data. Here are 53 emerging vendors, launched since 2009, which are pushing the technology envelope and challenging the established vendors. Read more May 6, 2015 Germany may be late to the digital age party, but German companies are eager to catch up with the rest of the world. An increasing number of firms are now forming partnerships with startups in an effort to step away from conservative business approaches and embrace a rapidly evolving tech culture. Read more May 4, 2015 Here are 45 business analytics companies offering everything from simple-to-use reporting tools to highly sophisticated software for tackling the most complex data analysis problems. Slide shows of companies with big data management technologies and companies that provide big data infrastructure, tools and services will follow this week. Read more April 24, 2015 The big data revolution is taking hold. Although it has been around for a while now, 2015 is expected to be the year when its full potential is explored. Businesses are constantly collecting more and more information on their customers and extensive data analytics is enabling companies to target customers more effectively than ever and generate increased revenues. Read more April 22, 2015 Read more April 17, 2015 Read more April 13, 2015 Customers interact with companies through multiple channels, including CRM, digital ads, email campaigns, website, social media, and mobile applications. Yet most digital and marketing teams continue to analyze customer interactions in silos within each of these systems. To get a deep understanding of customer behavior, data-driven companies are combining all types of customer interaction data across all channels and analyzing it together for insights that are not possible if the data were constrained in silos. Read more March 31, 2015 Read more March 24, 2015 Datameer, an end-to-end big data analytics vendor, is partnering with Tableau to enable their mutual customers to move between platforms to analyze and visualize data. Read more March 12, 2015 The Holy Grail of Analytics has always been to embed them seamlessly within all manner of operational systems. Bring insights to the front lines; deliver analysis to professionals across the spectrum of business domains; even optimize machine-to-machine communications to ensure the trains run right on time. Are we there yet? Just about! Read more March 4, 2015 Read more March 2, 2015 Read more February 28, 2015 Read more February 26, 2015 Good data analysis tells a story. When looked at as a whole, data points create a narrative about who is using your product, what they like about it, and what they're doing with it. Once the digitally generated information is humanized, you can then roll out new decisions that make end users happy and hopefully positively affect your bottom line. Read more February 25, 2015 Companies are increasingly tuning into the importance of understanding their customers in order to make their marketing more effective and big data has a key role to play in providing them with the information to do so. Read more February 23, 2015 If you can measure it, you can improve it. Thanks to the explosion in smart devices, consumers are measuring and monitoring all aspects of their lives, giving them new ways to take control and improve their overall well-being. Known as the Quantified Self movement, people are taking advantage of new technologies to track, analyze and optimize how they live and care for themselves. Read more February 19, 2015 Claimed to be the first enterprise-grade Big Data analytics platform targeting department-specific deployments, the new product is part of the exploding movement to simplify the traditionally complicated Hadoop ecosystem comprising multiple, disparate components. Read more February 18, 2015 Cloud-based big data analytics provider Datameer has released Datameer Professional, which the company describes as the first big data analytics platform in the cloud targeted for department-specific deployments. Read more February 18, 2015 Read more February 17, 2015 Read more February 17, 2015 Data analytics platform developer Datameer has created a departmental version of its Hadoop-based software that will be delivered through the cloud. Read more February 17, 2015 While Hadoop has widely been praised, a common complaint is how complex it is. But despite the challenges, many organizations that may not have expertise to properly use Hadoop are still interested in its impressive storage capabilities. Read more February 16, 2015 Datameer Professional is a big data analytics cloud platform specifically for Hadoop-as-a-Service (HaaS) targeted for department-specific deployments. It provides business managers a way to get started with big data without needing to wait for IT to deploy an enterprise-wide solution. Read more February 16, 2015 The analytics wave is expanding to new frontiers as intense competition drives vendors outside their traditional comfort zones. Last week saw good examples of that repositioning as Datameer Inc. pulled the curtains back on a cloud-based implementation of its business intelligence platform. Read more February 16, 2015 Read more February 12, 2015 Datameer Professional is a "Hadoop-as-a-Service" offering, part of a growing trend of simplifying the once-complicated Hadoop ecosystem comprising myriad components. Read more Das Magazin der IHK Halle-Dessau, Jan. & Feb. 2015 Read more February 12, 2015 Datameer, a proven big data insights platform for rapid data discovery, has announced Datameer Professional, a big data analytics platform in the cloud targeted for department-specific deployments. Read more February 12, 2015 San Francisco-based big data platform specialist Datameer was the first big data analytics platform purpose built for Hadoop. Now the company is first to market with a big data analytics platform designed specifically for the cloud. Read more February 12, 2015 Read more February 12, 2015 Talkin' Cloud at the end of each day pulls out five must-read cloud computing stories from the news cycle for its readers to review in the morning. Today's column features AppDirect, Datameer, and AppRiver. Read more February 12, 2015 Bigstep and Datameer have announced that Datameer Professional will be available for enterprises in the Bigstep Full Metal Cloud. The partnership will create direct access to a big data insights platform which has been built for Hadoop and is available as a service in the bare metal cloud. Read more February 12, 2015 BigStep and Datameer have joined forces to bring Hadoop-as-a-service to UK servers for the first time in a bare metal cloud. Read more February 12, 2015 Big-data analytics startup Datameer is rolling out analytics-as-a-service running on Hadoop. Called Datameer Professional, the service targets potential Hadoop users unable to build their own large-scale Hadoop clusters or unwilling to wait for an enterprise-wide rollout. Read more February 11, 2015 Datameer launched a new cloud service called Datameer Professional today that offers customers a Big Data solution without the hassle of installing, configuring and maintaining it themselves in-house. The goal of this new approach is to put the buying decision into the hands of business units, instead of being mainly driven by IT. Read more February 11, 2015 Read more February 11, 2015 Datameer today launched Datameer Professional, a HaaS environment based on big data cloud services provided by Altiscale and Bigstep. The company offers a big data analytics framework that is designed to make Hadoop data more accessible using a construct that is similar to a Microsoft Excel spreadsheet. Here are the details. Read more February 11, 2015 As more businesses want to take advantage of the insights that analysis of big data can offer there's greater demand for the cloud to allow direct access to stored data. Read more January 27, 2015 Read more January 9, 2015 Years ago, when he was asked whether Web services were going to be the "next big thing," Oracle co-founder and then-CEO Larry Ellison responded: "I've spent too much time in Italy to know that you shouldn't ignore fashion." Read more January 5, 2015 Read more 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 Media and Analyst Contact Susan O'Brien Director of Communications (650) 286-9100 sobrien@datameer.com  Monique Sherman PR Manager (650) 316-8677 msherman@datameer.com Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Datameer Press Releases Datameer and Tableau Connects Best of Big Data Analytics and Visualization June 9, 2015 Datameer Delivers Comprehensive Governance for Hadoop Analytics June 3, 2015 Datameer Unleashes First-to-Market Big Data Analytics Platform for Hadoop-as-a-Service February 11, 2015 Fujitsu Taps Datameer to Address Increased Demand for Open-Source Big Data Solutions December 16, 2014 Datameer Appoints Kenneth Jakobsen as Chief Revenue Officer November 19, 2014 Datameer Announces New VP of Business Development and Worldwide Channels November 6, 2014 Datameer Appoints New VP of Design to Drive Best-in-Class User Experience & Visualization October 30, 2014 Datameer Recognized by CRN as a 2014 Emerging Vendor August 5, 2014 Record Number of Customers Turn to Datameer to Unlock Big Data Insights July 30, 2014 Datameer Welcomes Accomplished Software Executive Mark Burton as Independent Board Member July 24, 2014 Vivint Selects Datameer for Home Automation Big Data Analytics June 25, 2014 Detroit Crime Commission Combats Crime with Datameer Big Data Analytics May 21, 2014 Datameer 4.0 Now Available April 22, 2014 Datameer 4.0 Innovates Hadoop Big Data Analytics Workflow With Instant Visual Insights March 26, 2014 Datameer Named Data Discovery Market Leader March 20, 2014 Datameer Appoints Mike Macey as New East Coast Vice President of Sales March 13, 2014 Trustev Taps Datameer Big Data Analytics For E-Commerce Identity Verification Solution March 5, 2014 Datameer Secures $19 Million to Meet Global Demand for Self-Service Big Data Analytics for Hadoop December 18, 2013 Datameer Unveils Charity Edition to Help Save Orphaned Elephants November 1, 2013 Datameer Smart Analytics for Hadoop Now Available September 30, 2013 Ventana Research Technology Innovation Awards Recognize Visionary Technology August 15, 2013 Datameer Empowers Anyone To Be A Data Scientist With Datameer 3.0 June 24, 2013 Cardinal Health Selects Datameer for Healthcare Data Discovery May 23, 2013 Datameer Kicks Off Its "Discover Big Data" Roadshow March 13, 2013 Caserta Concepts Announces Partnership with Datameer for Big Data Analytics on Hadoop January 28, 2013 Machine Zone Selects Datameer for Mobile Gaming Big Data Analytics January 15, 2013 Matt Murphy Joins Datameer Board of Directors November 26, 2012 Workday Unveils Big Data Analytics for HR and Finance November 6, 2012 Datameer Unveils Marketplace for Buying & Selling Big Data Analytic Applications October 22, 2012 Datameer Names Tim Miller Global Vice President of Sales August 7, 2012 Datameer Joins Dell's Emerging Solutions Ecosystem to Deliver Big Data Analytics Software July 17, 2012 Fujitsu Mission Critical Systems and Datameer Partner to Deliver Complete Data Analytics Solution July 11, 2012 Datameer Enables Big Data Analytics in Academic Research June 29, 2012 Datameer Brings Hadoop to the Desktop June 11, 2012 Datameer and Carahsoft Partner to Deliver Big Data Analytics to Government Agencies June 6, 2012 Datameer Releases Major New Version of Analytics Platform March 20, 2012 Datameer to Bring Hadoop Analytics to Windows Azure February 28, 2012 Datameer Secures $9.25 Million in Series B Financing Led by Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers March 17, 2011 Datameer Announces General Availability of Datameer Analytics Solution October 12, 2010 Datameer Launches Data Analytics Solution For Big Data With Beta Customers April 14, 2010 Media Contact: Monique Sherman PR Manager msherman@datameer.com 415-802-2540 Susan O'Brien Director of Communications sobrien@datameer.com 415-817-9558 Connect with Datameer Subscribe to our company blog and CEO blog Follow us on Twitter Connect with us on LinkedIn Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Upcoming Webinars Tuesday, June 23, 2015 at 11am PT / 2pm ET Tuesday, June 30, 2015 at 11am PDT / 2pm EDT Data Governance - Best Practices and Land Mines Dive into Your Lead to Customer Journey with One Simple View Top 3 Most Impactful Big Data Use Cases in 2015 (EMEA) Top 3 Most Impactful Big Data Use Cases in 2015 Big Data Analytics Meets Hadoop-as-a-Service Why Selecting a Future-Proof Big Data Architecture Matters Precisely Understanding Your Customers' Journey Introducing Datameer Professional Big Data Predictions for 2015 Identifying New Revenue Streams with Big Data Getting Started with Big Data for Business Managers Top 3 Big Data Use Cases in Financial Services Extending BI with Data Analytics Datameer 5.0: Smart Execution for Smart Organizations Build Your Own Customer Buying Journey Application 5 Best Practices to Realize the Highest Return Understand Your Customer Buying Journey with Big Data. Analyzing Unstructured Data in Hadoop How to Avoid Pitfalls in Big Data Analytics Introducing Datameer 4.0 Visual, End-to-End Big Data - Power to the User Online Fraud Detection Using Big Data Analytics Customer Case Studies on Self-Service Big Data Analytics Instant Visualization in Every Step of Analysis Best Practices for Big Data Analytics withMachine Learning Lean Production Meets Big Data: A Next Generation Use Case Fighting Fraud with Big Data Analytics ThisHoliday Season The Economic of SQL on Hadoop Complement Your EDW with Hadoop & Big Data Analytics Top 3 Things to Consider for Machine Learning on Big Data Using Big Data to Optimize your Sales and Marketing Funnel 5 Key Things to Know About Selecting a Big Data Solution Hadoop Big Data Analytics Build and Buy Considerations Building Secure Hadoop Environments BI, Hive or Big Data Analytics Daten-Rundumblick mit Big Data Analytics Hadoop as a Data Hub: A Sears Case Study Harness Social Media to Increase Point of Sale Purchases Big Data Analytics - Is Your Elephant Enterprise Ready? Building a Big Data Recommendation Engine Delivering Insightful Analytics in a Data Driven World Building Analytic Apps with Datameer New Business Insights with Hadoop Analytics Illuminate Corporate Blind Spots With Big Data Analytics Answer Big Questions with Big Data The Why's and How's of Big Data Analytics in Government Predictive Analytics on Hadoop - Faster Insight through Open Standards Datameer 2.0 - Bring Hadoop to the Desktop Deeper Website Analytics Walking the Talk at Zvents: Big Data Use Case Deriving Customer Insights with Big Data The Power of Big Data and the Insights of Predictive Analytics The Correlation of Structured & Unstructured Data Bullet Proofing Big Data Analytics Infrastructure for Critical Deployments Go Big Data or Go Home Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Featured Videos Datameer Professional: Big Data Analyticsfor Hadoop-as-a-Service 00:43 Customer Analytics 04:31 Getting Started with Datameer 05:05  Making Hadoop Data Integration Easy 02:09 NetApp - Big Data for Operational Analytics 07:22 Opower - Driving Product Innovation with Big Data Analytics 17:27 Machine Zone - Improving Gaming Products by Understanding User Behavior 05:51 Vivint - Smart Home Automation through Big Data Analytics 02:29 Detroit - Fighting Crime with Big Data Analytics 02:17 Trustev - Preventing Fraud with Big Data Analytics 02:34 U.S. Womens Olympic Cycling Team Big Data Story 02:57 Sears - Driving Price Optimization with Big Data Analytics 02:05 TasteMakerX - Driving Music Discovery with Big Data Analytics01:10 Douglas Grubb, PhD On the implications of big data and genetics03:18 RNA Analysis using Datameer11:27 Tableau Integration with Datameer 00:43 Datameer Professional: Big Data Analytics for Hadoop-as-a-Service 00:43 Datameer 5.0 with Smart Execution 01:55 Datameer with Flipside - Visual, End-to-End 01:38 Getting Started with Datameer 05:34 Datameer Smart Analytics - Clustering 01:46 Datameer Smart Analytics - Decision Tree 03:15 Datameer Smart Analytics - Column Dependencies 01:51 Datameer Smart Analytics - Recommendation Engine 01:12 Customer Funnel Optimization with Datameer 02:28 Introducing Datameer Smart Analytics 01:15 Data Integration in Datameer 01:14 What's Datameer 01:14 Choosing the Right Chart for Your Data 03:18 Datameer Personal01:21 Datameer Workgroup01:19 Datameer Enterprise02:09 Customer Analytics with Datameer 04:31 Operational Analytics with Datameer 01:48 Fraud Detection with Datameer02:51 Customer Funnel Optimization with Datameer 02:28 Download Analytics with Datameer 03:28 Financial Compliance with Datameer01:45 Public Data Example: UFO Sightings04:58 Public Data Example: Flight Delays02:29 Facebook Network App 00:54 Twitter Brand Sentiment App01:06 LinkedIn Pro Network App01:11 Datameer Analytics App Market 01:23 What is an Analytic App?00:53 How to publish an app to the Datameer App Market00:55 Twitter Brand Sentiment 01:32 Earthquake Data Analysis01:14 Interview: Matt Shumpert of Datameer 06:32 Strata + Hadoop World 2015, San Jose 10:42 Strata + Hadoop World 2014, New York 11:26 Boulder BI Brain Trust - Stefan Groschupf, CEO and Azita Martin, CMO 01:51:16 DataBeat 2014: Rat Pack of Big Data Stack (is Back) 23:22 Data360: Big Data - Maximize Value, Minimize Risk57:27 Applying Big Data to Flow Theory36:28 CeBIT 2014: Reality and Risks of Cyber Security 02:42 Bloomberg TV40:39 Hadoop Summit 2013: theCUBE 20:41 GigaOm Structure 201312:45 DataWeek 2013: What is the Hadoop Ecosystem?40:02 2012 Hadoop Summit - Datameer Meetup 02:42 Stefan Groschupf, CEO - Datameer Meetup at Hadoop Summit 201229:02 Peter Voss, Datameer CTO, speaks at Berlin Buzzwords (German)08:37 Stefan Groschupf interviewed at Strata Conference + Hadoop World 201202:35 Hadoop World 2012: theCUBE02:05 O'Reilly Strata 201103:48 Datameer Partners Training01:44 Datameer + Trace301:48 Datameer + MapR01:58 Datameer + Cloudera01:54 Datameer + Hortonworks01:22 Datameer + IBM04:38 Datameer Partners 02:57 Meet Team Datameer 01:36 Life at Datameer - Halle, Germany 04:05 Life at Datameer 03:31 The Life of a Datameer Actor02:32 Datameer in 2012 - The Highlights03:26 Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Management Stefan Groschupf Chief Executive Officer Stefan Groschupf is a big data veteran and serial entrepreneur with strong roots in the open source community. He was one of the very few early contributors to Nutch, the open source project that spun out Hadoop, which 10 years later, is considered a 20 billion dollar business. Open source technologies designed and coded by Stefan can be found running in all 20 of the Fortune 20 companies in the world, and innovative open source technologies like Kafka, Storm, Katta and Spark, all rely on technology Stefan designed more than a half decade ago. In 2003, Groschupf was named one of the most innovative Germans under 30 by Stern Magazine. In 2013, Fast Company named Datameer, one of the most innovative companies in the world. Stefan is currently CEO and Chairman of Datameer, the company he co-founded in 2009 after several years of architecting and implementing distributed big data analytic systems for companies like Apple, EMI Music, Hoffmann La Roche, AT&T;, the European Union, and others. After two years in the market, Datameer was commercially deployed in more than 30 percent of the Fortune 20. Stefan is a frequent conference speaker, contributor to industry publications and books, holds patents and is advising a set of startups on product, scale and operations. If not working, Stefan is backpacking, sea kayaking, kite boarding or mountain biking. He lives in San Francisco, California. Chief Revenue Officer As Chief Revenue Officer at Datameer, Kenneth Jakobsen leads all customer-facing functions, including sales, marketing and professional services. He is a seasoned veteran in enterprise software sales, operations and mobile analytics. Most recently, Kenneth served as chief operating officer at Roambi, a Sequoia-backed mobile analytics company, where he played a critical role in doubling cloud sales quarter over quarter, five quarters in a row. In his previous role at CA Technologies as vice president of on-demand solution sales, Kenneth was responsible for driving sales, business development and customer success and established the business unit growth to $120 million in five years. Kenneth holds an MBA from MIT Sloan School of Management and a Bachelor of Science in International Business and Economics from Copenhagen Business School. Vice President of Product Management Frank Henze is Vice President of Product Management at Datameer with over a decade of experience in building enterprise software systems. Prior to Datameer, Frank ran project management at 101tec, a supplier of Hadoop solutions and Nutch-based search and text classification software to industry-leading companies. His background includes user interface design and development as well as expertise in all of the leading-edge web technologies. He also has over five years experience in development of large-scale systems and search engine solutions for companies such as EMI Music, Sproose, Krugle and the German Environmental Agency. Chief Technology Officer Peter Voss is CTO at Datameer with extensive experience in software engineering and architecture of large-scale data processing. His focus has been largely on UNIX based enterprise systems with extensive background in Java, Spring, Hadoop, Lucene and Eclipse plug-in development. Vice President of Sales - Americas Chief Marketing Officer Azita Martin is Chief Marketing Officer at Datameer with extensive marketing leadership experience at high-growth start-ups and category-creating public companies like Salesforce and Siebel. Prior to Datameer, Azita built and led marketing teams for both fast-growing start-ups and major public companies, including Get Satisfaction, Moxie Software, LiveOps, Salesforce, Siebel and SGI. Azita has a Bachelor of Science in Aerospace Engineering and an MBA from University of Southern California. Vice President of Business Development & Worldwide Channels Vice President of People Operations Vice President of Engineering Matt McManus leads the engineering team at Datameer, managing all aspects of product development, releases and quality assurance. Matt has been building enterprise software products for over 10 years with deep experience in architecture, software engineering and team management roles. Prior to joining Datameer, he led an engineering team at EMI Music, Inc., which delivered high quality business intelligence products using agile, behavior-driven development processes. Earlier, Matt held technical leadership positions with Genealogical Search, Inc. and Macrovision Corp. where he guided teams through all phases of product development from requirements gathering to deployment, successfully launching many Web-based products and services. He attended Boston University, where he earned a bachelor's degree in Computer Science. Vice President of User Experience and Design With over 15 years of experience, Ralf has extensive knowledge of innovative Web and mobile applications that drive user adoption and has extensive background in interface design. He has held key design positions with Adobe, Disney and SAP and holds multiple design patents and award-winning design solutions. Vice President of Finance Jon Oslowski is Vice President of Finance for Datameer with more than eight years experience as a controller and auditor in public accounting. Previously, Jon was a Divisional Controller for Serious Energy, an energy management company with software and building materials divisions. Jon also spent six years in public accounting completing audits, reviews and compilations with CBIZ/MHM, one of the largest accounting firms in the US. As Vice President of Finance at Datameer, Jon specializes in GAAP accounting, financial analysis, forecasting, software revenue recognition, financial reporting and oversight, business plan implementation and financial modeling. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Board of Directors Partner, Next World Capital Ben has experience in both venture capital investing and technology company operating roles. Ben was mostly recently a Principal with Scale Venture Partners. Prior to his six years in venture capital, he was a Senior Sales Engineer at Symantec and IMlogic, and worked in technical sales roles at Akamai. At Scale Venture Partners, Ben originated the investments in Box and uTest and worked closely with HubSpot, BrightRoll, and Jaspersoft. Ben lives in San Francisco. He holds an MEng and a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. President, JAMM Ventures Jeff Miller is an accomplished senior executive and venture capitalist with over 30 years of experience working with some of the hottest software companies in Silicon Valley. From 1993 to 2001, he served as president and chief executive officer of Documentum, one of the fastest growing technology companies in the world. Following the sale of Documentum to EMC for $1.8B in 2003, he was a venture partner with Redpoint Ventures, where he specialized in emerging enterprise and infrastructure software markets. Miller has also held senior executive positions at Fairchild Semiconductor, Intel, Adaptec, and Cadence Design Systems. Miller currently runs JAMM Ventures, a business consulting firm, which he founded, and serves on various company and non-profit Boards. Independent Board Member and Advisor at Datameer Mark brings with him three decades of operating and advisory experience to hyper-growth companies and his software success includes modern databases, data and application integration, business intelligence and monetizing of open source. His operating background includes an early executive role with Informatica where he helped grow revenues from $10 million to over $150 million in sales, resulting in a successful IPO in 1999. He was also EVP worldwide sales and alliances at MySQL where he contributed to the $1 billion acquisition by Sun Microsystems in 2008. Mark is concurrently serving as executive chairman at Zend Technologies, as well as an independent board member at MuleSoft and Infobright. In addition, he is a board observer and advisor to MongoDB and UpThere. Most recently, Mark was an independent board member at Jaspersoft (acquired by Tibco). Partner, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers Matt Murphy is a partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. He joined the firm in 1999 and manages the iFund, a collaborative initiative with Apple that focuses on funding and building defining applications on the iOS platform and the mobile internet. Founding Partner, Redpoint Ventures John Walecka is a Partner of Redpoint Ventures and is passionate about companies with disruptive products and innovative business models. John is very active in Redpoint's investment efforts around companies using big data insights to create new business applications, as well as innovative technologies for building cloud infrastructure and services. He is on the boards of the following companies: Quantifind (social media predictive analytics platform), Datameer (big data BI tools around Hadoop), Lastline Security (cloud based malware products), Moogsoft (big data applications applied to agile service management), InterMolecular (data driven combinatorial materials discovery platform) and Avnera (cool audio products). John received a B.S. and an M.S. in Engineering from Stanford University and a M.B.A. from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Chief Executive Officer, Datameer Stefan Groschupf is a big data veteran and serial entrepreneur with strong roots in the open source community. He was one of the very few early contributors to Nutch, the open source project that spun off Hadoop, which 10 years later, is considered a 20 billion dollar business. Open source technologies designed and coded by Stefan can be found running in all 20 of the Fortune 20 companies in the world, and innovative open source technologies like Kafka, Storm, Katta and Spark, all rely on technology Stefan designed more than a half decade ago. In 2003, Groschupf was named one of the most innovative Germans under 30 by Stern Magazine. In 2013, Fast Company named Datameer, one of the most innovative companies in the world. Stefan is currently CEO and Chairman of Datameer, the company he co-founded in 2009 after several years of architecting and implementing distributed big data analytic systems for companies like Apple, EMI Music, Hoffmann La Roche, AT&T, the European Union, and others. After two years in the market, Datameer is commercially deployed in more than 30% of the Fortune 20. Stefan is a frequent conference speaker, contributor to industry publications and books, holds patents and is advising a set of startups on product, scale and operations. If not working, Stefan is backpacking, sea kayaking, kite boarding or mountain biking. He lives in San Francisco, California. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Datameer Blog  Top 3 Big Data Pain Points for Energy Companies     Data is Personal   Understand Your Customer Interactions Across All Channels   How is Datameer different than [insert your favorite BI tool here]?   Datameer + Bigstep: Big Data Analytics for Your Department Now, Not in Months   Tableau Integration: One Click Magic     Real World Big Data Use Cases: Understanding Customer Interactions [INFOGRAPHIC]   Welcome to Big Data Analytics as a Service: BDAaaS ;)    Subscribe We'll come to you!   Last Posts Archives Recent Tweets Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Datameer Partners Become a Datameer Partner With the Datameer Partner Program, your company benefits from market leading big data analytic solutions combined with programs designed to support your business growth. The Datameer Reseller Partner Program supports your business growth, helps generate new opportunities, increases profitability and closes deals more quickly. Learn more Datameer Referral Partners recommend Datameer Software to their clients. The process is easy and Referral Partners receive revenue for sending opportunities to Datameer that close. Learn more When Technology Partners integrate their offerings with Datameer, both companies benefit. Mutual customers get better results by using the technologies together. Learn more Ready to become a reseller partner? For more information send us an inquiry. Partner Portal Login Please login to access your Datameer Partner benefits, exclusive content, tools, training and more. Not a Partner? Please register to become our partner. Watch Partner Videos Products Data Integration Big Data Analytics Smart Analytics Big Data Visualization App Market Data Transformation Big Data Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Hadoop Analytics Solutions Big Data in Financial Sector Big Data in Technology Customer Behavior Analysis Big Data in Telecommunication Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data Processing Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us June 9-11, 2015 Hadoop Summit San Jose Datameer is pleased to be a sponsor at the 8th Annual Hadoop Summit, the leading North America conference for the Apache Hadoop community. This three day event will feature industry thought leaders showcasing successful Hadoop use cases, development and administration tips and tricks, and educate organizations about how best to leverage Apache Hadoop as a key component in their enterprise data architecture. June 9-11, 2015 Hadoop Summit NA San Jose, CA Datameer is pleased to be a sponsor at the 8th Annual Hadoop Summit, the leading North America conference for the Apache Hadoop community. This three day event will feature industry thought leaders showcasing successful Hadoop use cases, development and administration tips and tricks, and educate organizations about how best to leverage Apache Hadoop as a key component in their enterprise data architecture. Register today June 18th, 2015 Cloudera Sessions San Diego, CA Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in San Diego, CA to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today July 21st, 2015 Cloudera Sessions New York, NY Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in New York, NY to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today September 29 - October 1, 2015 Strata + Hadoop World New York New York, NY Join us at the Strata + Hadoop World conference where cutting-edge data scientists and new business fundamentals interact and merge! Stay tuned for more information on how to register for this event. October 8th, 2015 Cloudera Sessions Phoenix, AZ Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in Phoenix, AZ to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today October 20th, 2015 Cloudera Sessions Baltimore, MD Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in Baltimore, MD to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today November 12th, 2015 Cloudera Sessions Austin, TX Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in Austin, TX to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today November 17th, 2015 Cloudera Sessions Chicago, IL Join Datameer + Cloudera for a 1 day seminar in Chicago, IL to discuss Pervasive Analytics, Operational Data Stores, Operational Analytics and Data Discovery. Register today Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us  Careers at Datameer At Datameer, we take this responsibility very seriously. We are here to help companies get faster time to insight to solve the new use cases that are cropping up with the explosion of structured and unstructured data. Customers love us and we work to make our company even better each day. Open Positions The leader in big data analytics industry  Big Data & Brews with Mike Olson, Chief Strategy Officer, Cloudera   Special "Use Cases" Big Data & Brews: Hadapt, Zementis, Twitter, Concurrent Our Core Values   San Francisco, California, USA New York City, New York, USA Halle/Saale, Germany Watch Video Datameer does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms. We kindly ask that you not attempt to call or email regarding our employment opportunities. All resumes submitted by search firms to any employee of Datameer, whether it be by email or any other method will be deemed the sole property of Datameer. In the event the candidate is hired by Datameer no fee will be paid unless such assistance was solicited and a fee agreement is signed and in place. Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Big Data Governance Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Healthcare Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Contact General inquiries: info@datameer.com Sales: sdr@datameer.com Business development & partnerships: bizdev@datameer.com Careers: careers@datameer.com Press relations: press@datameer.com Call or Fax us Tel: +1 415 817 9558 Fax: +1 415 814 1243 Corporate Headquarters Datameer, Inc. 1550 Bryant Street, Suite 490 San Francisco, CA 94103 USA West Coast 1550 Bryant Street, Suite 490 San Francisco, CA 94103 USA Tel: +1 415 817 9558 Fax: +1 415 814 1243 East Coast 9 East 19th Street, 5th floor New York, NY 10003 USA Tel: +1 646 586 5526 Europe Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Execution Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us Find community, conversation and inspiration about the things you love. Legend pic.twitter.com/zIvb7AWA31 A dog always loves you, even when nobody else does. pic.twitter.com/3IJ7alvtnU Tomorrow, the #LVNemeth Twister slip-on by @mrkimjones is exclusively at @coletteparis http://vuitton.lv/1LrClP7 pic.twitter.com/OARPL8wOvO A little encouragement from dad can go a long way. From Natalie in Florida: pic.twitter.com/42RGMPtG8Z Samsung wants to make "see through" trucks that are safer to pass: http://gizmo.do/27LYDqL pic.twitter.com/qRbNA6nMXx #AndStill UFC strawweight champion of the world @JoannaMMA! #UFCBerlin pic.twitter.com/ciOpDi80OX HISTORY! #AUS win first ever World Cup knockout match. #FIFAWWC #BRAAUS http://fifa.to/1IstuJO pic.twitter.com/rH47FbbMfO NOAA has chosen the best weather photos of the last year: http://wxch.nl/1IriKeZ pic.twitter.com/8wYxkDmhg0 You + Sunday + Full Episodes of #Bones. That's a formula for a stellar weekend. http://fox.tv/1ErdI4O pic.twitter.com/xLMFBTXXG3 and @erik_jones is your #AttiCat300 winner! Retweet to congratulate the No. 54. #WeekendSweep pic.twitter.com/nZzUDgSGNt TV news is for grandpa. (Reuters) pic.twitter.com/eFUWrbPoDa Happy Birthday Michael Anthony! Nobody tells you what to play, ever! pic.twitter.com/Oa1kqZiexY The 2016 logo is here! Visit http://on.ncaa.com/wbbtickets now to claim limited-release tickets or the VIP experience! pic.twitter.com/5quACicpN5 This web tool turns your handwriting into a font in five minutes, for free http://ow.ly/OzDGA pic.twitter.com/z7txnr5msM "My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me." pic.twitter.com/aPDLgmYt4p Happy Father's Day! pic.twitter.com/U00M9cYaHV America's newest vegetarian drive-thru is the anti-McDonald's: http://huff.to/1K0XgLw Hundreds of worshippers attend an emotional service at Emanuel Methodist Church in Charleston http://bbc.in/1dYfiAi pic.twitter.com/IL4tOM5DSr #HappyFathersDay to all of the #Dads out there, especially @TripleH. You are your daughter's hero and mine. pic.twitter.com/SBXavn9Ng4 ICYMI: Saturn's fracture-faced moon Dione revealed in latest @CassiniSaturn images: http://go.nasa.gov/1GtDuRP pic.twitter.com/0KV5WoEvv4 Coming soon...the 60th Anniversary Car celebrating 60 years of the Porsche Club of America. #PCA #GTSClubCoupe pic.twitter.com/NJkeTOKfuh Happy Father's Day! Meet the dads of the Marvel Universe (the good, the bad, & the confusing): http://bit.ly/1fmCZmN pic.twitter.com/1xAtbQo4Rh Watch this! Scientist high-fives one of the largest white sharks ever filmed http://grnpc.org/IgtSj pic.twitter.com/3OUQ7K0WtF ICYMI: FSU & Alabama agree to open 2017 season in Atlanta. FSU won last meeting 21-14 in 2007. http://es.pn/1BEYf1u pic.twitter.com/gs6Jca0XPO Happy #FathersDay! pic.twitter.com/8Hr6Zqk1s6 Nothing like an Aussie breaky pic.twitter.com/ev0atgraRb have I ever told you guys how cool it is to have an old jeep with no working fuel gauge..? until you run out of gas. pic.twitter.com/8aREI1XOR5 That's not Mordor! It's Venus, where scientists believe volcanoes may be erupting: http://ow.ly/OxVOh pic.twitter.com/XoLcMHdz5X Working out #BlakesFinger before Blind Auditions is on our summer to-do list. #TheVoice pic.twitter.com/OKj9nz8NOx Happy first day of summer! We hope you can visit amazing public lands like @GrandTetonNPS. Pic: Kate Garibaldi pic.twitter.com/TR7yeJy0j4 The #LocalLoveTour is coming #Philly!! Come out this Tuesday, 6/23 @TLAPhilly from 7-10p for a FREE concert!! pic.twitter.com/GDxvB71pA5 Coral and Emerald Wedding Inspiration from Cannon Candids Photography http://bit.ly/1GnWuV3 pic.twitter.com/KIRnMFqjxI MUNCHKIN KITTEN MEOWS https://vine.co/v/eilqWAqMZZ6 So proud to be the father of two of the greatest kids in the world. pic.twitter.com/aBLLO8s6L5 Picked No. 6 overall in 2014. But just finding his groove in the @AtlantaFalcons new offense: http://at.nfl.com/A8Qd2ve pic.twitter.com/hstlfLQ0pL Get up to speed with everything #CallOfDuty Black Ops 3 http://go.ign.com/7QjOSQr pic.twitter.com/VtDBFY13EX Rory McIlroy is three off the lead and T5. Shhhhhhhhh. #USOpen pic.twitter.com/KMhglEUXkn Julie Kent danced her farewell performance with @ABTBallet after 29 years with the company http://nyti.ms/1BvEFnT pic.twitter.com/vsVZv8zEmR Oh sweet, multiply has apparently also spent the entire year in the UK top 10. UK u rule Welcome to the dog days of summer! Jules is digging them! pic.twitter.com/wulHVMFPkv Get ready to tear up when you see Paul Walker's daughter's tribute to him. http://et.tv/1H7s2Cb pic.twitter.com/YvAkysspni Adrenaline seekers and nature lovers alike will find something to love in these cities: http://bbc.in/1ChvsfR pic.twitter.com/MdJXo7eWem Wait. Is anyone else watching #ADeadlyAdoption ? Stop handing over your $$ to the studio week after week! Your free classes live here http://popsu.gr/35796336 pic.twitter.com/NalijerjKQ Add a location to your Tweets When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more The URL of this tweet is below. Copy it to easily share with friends. Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again? Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen. Datameer Blog  Top 3 Big Data Pain Points for Energy Companies     Data is Personal   Understand Your Customer Interactions Across All Channels   How is Datameer different than [insert your favorite BI tool here]?   Datameer + Bigstep: Big Data Analytics for Your Department Now, Not in Months   Tableau Integration: One Click Magic     Real World Big Data Use Cases: Understanding Customer Interactions [INFOGRAPHIC]   Welcome to Big Data Analytics as a Service: BDAaaS ;)    Subscribe We'll come to you!   Last Posts Archives Recent Tweets Products Big Data Integration Big Data Analytics Big Data Visualization Smart Analytics App Market Big Data Technology Big Data Analytics in the Cloud Solutions Big Data in Financial Services Big Data in Technology Big Data in Telecommunications Big Data for Customer Analytics Data-driven Products and Services Fraud and Compliance Enterprise Data Warehouse Optimization Big Data for Operational Analytics Resources Tutorials Community Documentation Certification Program FAQs News & Events News Press Releases Webinars Videos Company Management Team Board Blog Partners Events Careers Contact Us WE DISCOVER WE DEVELOP WE DELIVER WE ARE THE BIG DATA EXPERTS WE EMPOWER BUSINESS We are Big Data Partnership Strategy| Systems Integration | Data Science | Training | Support UNLOCK VALUE FROM COMPLEX DATA. We work with our clients every step of the way. Identifying the individual goals and collaborating to deliver the most creative and exciting big data solutions. Experimenting and trying new technologies is one of the joys of working in our industry. We aim to constantly push the boundaries of new data science techniques and modern big data technology. Our Services Our services are delivered by our team of certified big data experts and data scientists who are able to assist you in building scalable solutions that give real tangible business benefit.         Are you ready to start a conversation? Use Cases These are just a sample of Big Data use cases. In fact, the most compelling use case at any given enterprise may be as yet undiscovered. Such is the promise of Big Data.             Instructor from Big Data Partnership was extremely knowledgeable and a very good presenter. I feel the class benefited hugely from their knowledge base vs. just reading the documentation. This was an enjoyable and informative course; the instructor was not afraid to go off-script to better explain the more complex concepts. Immensely pleased with the course content and expert trainer. The real-life practitioner experience and interest in the subject matter was clearly demonstrated by the trainer. The courses provided key insight and hands-on exposure into the relatively new and emerging Big Data field. The courses were detailed, enjoyable and great to be surrounded with like-minded and interesting course delegates.  Partners Our Featured Partners and World Class Alliances   We firmly believe successful partnerships built on solid foundations of customer-focused collaboration, joint innovation and long-term relationship development help to deliver sustainable growth and enable our customers to stay ahead of the competition. We work hand-in-hand with selected partners to strengthen our own unique portfolio in consulting, training and services based on our strong and local presence within the UK, European & Middle-Eastern regions. BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch Get In Touch  info@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR. United Kingdom Contact We'd really love to hear from you so why not drop us an email and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. // <![CDATA[ var google_conversion_id = 1007640943; var google_conversion_language = "en"; var google_conversion_format = "3"; var google_conversion_color = "ffffff"; var google_conversion_label = "fu_SCJHU7QYQ78K94AM"; var google_conversion_value = 0; var google_remarketing_only = false; // ]]&gt; // <![CDATA[</p> <p>// ]]&gt;  Follow us on Twitter Final day @InteropLondon . Great to see a packed session on #datascience. #bigdata http://t.co/CUpFUs95lq Our #bigdata masterclasses @InteropLondon were a success today! Few more places left tomorrow/Thursday. Book yours to avoid disappointment. Missed today's talks at @InteropLondon ? Don't worry. More talks tomorrow from our @BigDataExperts @Triggar http://t.co/CPWrPwfBqV RT @InteropLondon : Number 5 our personal fave... @BigDataExperts #interop https://t.co/lhTOoVDdyM WE DISCOVER WE DEVELOP WE DELIVER WE ARE THE BIG DATA EXPERTS WE EMPOWER BUSINESS We are Big Data Partnership Strategy| Systems Integration | Data Science | Training | Support UNLOCK VALUE FROM COMPLEX DATA. We work with our clients every step of the way. Identifying the individual goals and collaborating to deliver the most creative and exciting big data solutions. Experimenting and trying new technologies is one of the joys of working in our industry. We aim to constantly push the boundaries of new data science techniques and modern big data technology. Our Services Our services are delivered by our team of certified big data experts and data scientists who are able to assist you in building scalable solutions that give real tangible business benefit.         Are you ready to start a conversation? Use Cases These are just a sample of Big Data use cases. In fact, the most compelling use case at any given enterprise may be as yet undiscovered. Such is the promise of Big Data.             Instructor from Big Data Partnership was extremely knowledgeable and a very good presenter. I feel the class benefited hugely from their knowledge base vs. just reading the documentation. This was an enjoyable and informative course; the instructor was not afraid to go off-script to better explain the more complex concepts. Immensely pleased with the course content and expert trainer. The real-life practitioner experience and interest in the subject matter was clearly demonstrated by the trainer. The courses provided key insight and hands-on exposure into the relatively new and emerging Big Data field. The courses were detailed, enjoyable and great to be surrounded with like-minded and interesting course delegates.  Partners Our Featured Partners and World Class Alliances   We firmly believe successful partnerships built on solid foundations of customer-focused collaboration, joint innovation and long-term relationship development help to deliver sustainable growth and enable our customers to stay ahead of the competition. We work hand-in-hand with selected partners to strengthen our own unique portfolio in consulting, training and services based on our strong and local presence within the UK, European & Middle-Eastern regions. BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch Get In Touch  info@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR. United Kingdom Contact We'd really love to hear from you so why not drop us an email and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. // <![CDATA[ var google_conversion_id = 1007640943; var google_conversion_language = "en"; var google_conversion_format = "3"; var google_conversion_color = "ffffff"; var google_conversion_label = "fu_SCJHU7QYQ78K94AM"; var google_conversion_value = 0; var google_remarketing_only = false; // ]]&gt; // <![CDATA[</p> <p>// ]]&gt;  Follow us on Twitter Final day @InteropLondon . Great to see a packed session on #datascience. #bigdata http://t.co/CUpFUs95lq Our #bigdata masterclasses @InteropLondon were a success today! Few more places left tomorrow/Thursday. Book yours to avoid disappointment. Missed today's talks at @InteropLondon ? Don't worry. More talks tomorrow from our @BigDataExperts @Triggar http://t.co/CPWrPwfBqV RT @InteropLondon : Number 5 our personal fave... @BigDataExperts #interop https://t.co/lhTOoVDdyM WE DISCOVER WE DEVELOP WE DELIVER WE ARE THE BIG DATA EXPERTS WE EMPOWER BUSINESS We are Big Data Partnership Strategy| Systems Integration | Data Science | Training | Support UNLOCK VALUE FROM COMPLEX DATA. We work with our clients every step of the way. Identifying the individual goals and collaborating to deliver the most creative and exciting big data solutions. Experimenting and trying new technologies is one of the joys of working in our industry. We aim to constantly push the boundaries of new data science techniques and modern big data technology. Our Services Our services are delivered by our team of certified big data experts and data scientists who are able to assist you in building scalable solutions that give real tangible business benefit.         Are you ready to start a conversation? Use Cases These are just a sample of Big Data use cases. In fact, the most compelling use case at any given enterprise may be as yet undiscovered. Such is the promise of Big Data.             Instructor from Big Data Partnership was extremely knowledgeable and a very good presenter. I feel the class benefited hugely from their knowledge base vs. just reading the documentation. This was an enjoyable and informative course; the instructor was not afraid to go off-script to better explain the more complex concepts. Immensely pleased with the course content and expert trainer. The real-life practitioner experience and interest in the subject matter was clearly demonstrated by the trainer. The courses provided key insight and hands-on exposure into the relatively new and emerging Big Data field. The courses were detailed, enjoyable and great to be surrounded with like-minded and interesting course delegates.  Partners Our Featured Partners and World Class Alliances   We firmly believe successful partnerships built on solid foundations of customer-focused collaboration, joint innovation and long-term relationship development help to deliver sustainable growth and enable our customers to stay ahead of the competition. We work hand-in-hand with selected partners to strengthen our own unique portfolio in consulting, training and services based on our strong and local presence within the UK, European & Middle-Eastern regions. BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch Get In Touch  info@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR. United Kingdom Contact We'd really love to hear from you so why not drop us an email and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. // <![CDATA[ var google_conversion_id = 1007640943; var google_conversion_language = "en"; var google_conversion_format = "3"; var google_conversion_color = "ffffff"; var google_conversion_label = "fu_SCJHU7QYQ78K94AM"; var google_conversion_value = 0; var google_remarketing_only = false; // ]]&gt; // <![CDATA[</p> <p>// ]]&gt;  Follow us on Twitter Final day @InteropLondon . Great to see a packed session on #datascience. #bigdata http://t.co/CUpFUs95lq Our #bigdata masterclasses @InteropLondon were a success today! Few more places left tomorrow/Thursday. Book yours to avoid disappointment. Missed today's talks at @InteropLondon ? Don't worry. More talks tomorrow from our @BigDataExperts @Triggar http://t.co/CPWrPwfBqV RT @InteropLondon : Number 5 our personal fave... @BigDataExperts #interop https://t.co/lhTOoVDdyM Overview Taking You on Your Big Data Journey > Discover the strategic potential Big Data value; > Develop proof of the ROI of Big Data investments; > Deliver enterprise-hardened solutions to realise that return. Our consultants are vendor-certified on many technologies and have worked extensively and successfully with many Big Data platforms and toolsets, including all the major Apache Hadoop distributions, Elasticsearch, Apache Spark, Apache Storm, Apache Cassandra, Couchbase and other NoSQL platforms. Our Support and Training capabilities allow us to continue to add value as organizations take control of their growing Big Data portfolio.  To help optimize technology investments, Big Data Partnership offers complete solutions that include professional services, technical support, and training.     info@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550  Comments are closed. Management Team We are led by industry experts with an innovative edge, which makes our passionate team unique in every sense. Meet the leaders View Profile MIKE MERRITT-HOLMES He has over thirteen-years commercial experience both with global consultancy practices and start-up companies, working across many verticals with a particular specialism in the telecommunications industry. On the lighter side, Mike is also a life long suffering West Ham United fan and loves (he says) the rollercoaster of emotions that being a West Ham supporter brings. We have seen him on a Monday morning and we are not so sure!  View Profile TIM SEEARS Tim spent much of his career working with NASA and has worked on many grid computing technologies, having been involved with big data for many years. Tim established Big Data Partnership to bring the vision and power of big data to a wider industry, holding the firm belief that data science offers perhaps the most exciting proposition in technology we have seen since the birth of the Internet.  View Profile PINAL GANDHI   WE HAVE A TEAM OF DEDICATED BIG DATA EXPERTS INCLUDING ARCHITECTS, ENGINEERS AND DATA SCIENTISTS READY TO HELP YOU ON YOUR BIG DATA JOURNEY.  Comments are closed. Category Archive for: Press Releases Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Category Archive for: In The Press The Big Data Heartbeat Big Data is a truly global phenomenon Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? The BigStep bloggers added a new entry to their Expert Interviews when they talked to Big Data Partnership Principal Consultant, Christian Prokopp. You can read what Christian shared about Hadoop, Big Data adoption challenges, alternative and future trends here: http://blog.bigstep.com/expert-interviews/expert-interview-christian-prokopp/ Welcome to the perkplace: why you should move to an office with benefits Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner Grasping the full potential of cyber insurance Time to avoid gut instinct Investors Big Data Partnership is privately held, with funding from Beringea LLP, and a select group of angel investors.  Beringea is an international venture capital firm with offices in London and Detroit. In the UK Beringea manages ProVen VCT, ProVen Growth & Income VCT and ProVen Planned Exit VCT. Beringea launched its first VCT in 1996, making it one of the most experienced VCT managers in the UK. ProVen Growth & Income and ProVen VCT are highest performing VCTs of their launch years, respectively, according to www.taxefficientreview.com. For more information please visit www.provenvcts.co.uk. Comments are closed. WE DISCOVER WE DEVELOP WE DELIVER WE ARE THE BIG DATA EXPERTS WE EMPOWER BUSINESS We are Big Data Partnership Strategy| Systems Integration | Data Science | Training | Support UNLOCK VALUE FROM COMPLEX DATA. We work with our clients every step of the way. Identifying the individual goals and collaborating to deliver the most creative and exciting big data solutions. Experimenting and trying new technologies is one of the joys of working in our industry. We aim to constantly push the boundaries of new data science techniques and modern big data technology. Our Services Our services are delivered by our team of certified big data experts and data scientists who are able to assist you in building scalable solutions that give real tangible business benefit.         Are you ready to start a conversation? Use Cases These are just a sample of Big Data use cases. In fact, the most compelling use case at any given enterprise may be as yet undiscovered. Such is the promise of Big Data.             Instructor from Big Data Partnership was extremely knowledgeable and a very good presenter. I feel the class benefited hugely from their knowledge base vs. just reading the documentation. This was an enjoyable and informative course; the instructor was not afraid to go off-script to better explain the more complex concepts. Immensely pleased with the course content and expert trainer. The real-life practitioner experience and interest in the subject matter was clearly demonstrated by the trainer. The courses provided key insight and hands-on exposure into the relatively new and emerging Big Data field. The courses were detailed, enjoyable and great to be surrounded with like-minded and interesting course delegates.  Partners Our Featured Partners and World Class Alliances   We firmly believe successful partnerships built on solid foundations of customer-focused collaboration, joint innovation and long-term relationship development help to deliver sustainable growth and enable our customers to stay ahead of the competition. We work hand-in-hand with selected partners to strengthen our own unique portfolio in consulting, training and services based on our strong and local presence within the UK, European & Middle-Eastern regions. BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch Get In Touch  info@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR. United Kingdom Contact We'd really love to hear from you so why not drop us an email and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. // <![CDATA[ var google_conversion_id = 1007640943; var google_conversion_language = "en"; var google_conversion_format = "3"; var google_conversion_color = "ffffff"; var google_conversion_label = "fu_SCJHU7QYQ78K94AM"; var google_conversion_value = 0; var google_remarketing_only = false; // ]]&gt; // <![CDATA[</p> <p>// ]]&gt;  Follow us on Twitter Final day @InteropLondon . Great to see a packed session on #datascience. #bigdata http://t.co/CUpFUs95lq Our #bigdata masterclasses @InteropLondon were a success today! Few more places left tomorrow/Thursday. Book yours to avoid disappointment. Missed today's talks at @InteropLondon ? Don't worry. More talks tomorrow from our @BigDataExperts @Triggar http://t.co/CPWrPwfBqV RT @InteropLondon : Number 5 our personal fave... @BigDataExperts #interop https://t.co/lhTOoVDdyM Professional Services   Discover We help you Discover why and how to become a truly data-driven organisation As enterprises move into a new age for data analytics, companies often struggle to identify where, in their large data architecture, Big Data software and techniques can best be used. Big Data Partnership helps organisations understand where the most valuable use cases are, by conducting short, workshop engagements. These are typically 2-5 days long and help to identify where Big Data analytics could drive greater insight and ROI. They also provide a rapid educational boost on what Big Data technologies are available and what they do. Our consultants provide knowledge, experience and assistance with: > Defining Big Data strategy > Identifying use cases where big data analytics could help drive insight and business value > Education on tools & technologies available > Application design and architecture services Develop We work with you to Develop and prove the value of this approach Even with solid use cases and a good understanding of where Big Data software and techniques can help businesses, it is not always easy to prove that model and commit the necessary investment to really make the positive transformation in an organisation. Our recommended way of doing this is to take a single use case, and develop a Proof-of-Concept implementation to deliver the predicted ROI and business benefit and to validate the technology. This level of engagement is typically a month long and helps businesses to take the first step towards Big Data exploitation and to understand where the ROI lies. Combining Engineering & Data Science, our consultant work with your team and assist with: > Review existing hardware requirements (including cloud vs on-premise) > Design pilot system using most appropriate big data technologies > Install and configure platform and all necessary ecosystem tools, integrating best-practice for effective performance > Develop limited-scope functionality, showcasing the value of big data with your initial data set and workflow > Apply data science & machine-learning techniques to drive real-world insight and value. Deliver We Deliver cost effective solutions which exploit faster and more scalable technology Big Data Partnership help enterprises to fully realise their Big Data initiatives by offering fixed-price and day-based consultancy to deliver full data analytics projects. We understand that each customer has different needs, so we tailor our approach to each client. Effective Big Data is not just about predetermined templates for business intelligence; it is about meaningful analysis and processing of information in a way that is relevant to the business. We have highly-skilled Data Scientists and very experienced Big Data Engineers who can help you make the most of your implementations and ensure the success of your Big Data projects. Delivery engagements typically last a minimum of four weeks and may consist of the following activities: > Review existing infrastructure including hardware, software and data flows > Install & configure production-grade environments optimised and tuned for enterprise use > Optimise platform, architecture, and team structure for production > Develop and deploy enterprise-grade production-ready strategic modern data solutions > Drive and embed change  Resources       info@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550  Comments are closed. Training & Education Get certified!Training & certification from the experts in Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL including Cassandra & Couchbase and Big Data Concepts.     Comments are closed. Apache Cassandra Support YOUR BIG DATA SUPPORT PARTNER  Big Data Partnership has the skills and the reach to provide your Cassandra support, but also, we try that little bit harder. For us, every customer should be a reference customer who is proud of us as a supplier and whom we are proud to support. Development, Testing and Production Support Services During Development your team will need access to the experts. So we offer free support through our customer web portal. In Production you need the highest level of service, which we deliver as a subscription, based on number of nodes supported, with volume discount breaks factored into the pricing. If you need support for the Transition from Development to Production (Test & Staging), we offer a third, intermediary, level of support with lower subscriptions and service levels than Production support. End-to-End Ticket Management Health-Check & Kick-Start We always recommend a Health-Check engagement before production deployment. For less-experienced teams embarking on a Cassandra project, we also recommend a two-stage, Kick-Start engagement in which our experts will help you over those key early stages, such as cluster configuration and data modelling, and then come back a week or two later, to assess and fine tune early progress. Our customers confirm the value of Health-Check and Kick-Start engagements. That is why we include a pre-production Health Check in all Production support agreements. And we include a Kick-Start engagement for organizations that commit, at the beginning of a project, to Production support later.  Not just Cassandra  Apache Cassandra Support Service Offering Comments are closed. Consultancy & Development Team Support YOUR BIG DATA SUPPORT PARTNER With Big Data Partnership development team support, your architects, developers and system engineers can get the technical help they need when they need it most. Reduce the need for on-the-job training with this conveniently packaged support offering based on pre-purchased consulting hours that can be used typically within six months of signing up.  Supporting Your Development Team Development support is a pre-planned support pack that allows clients to benefit from Big Data Partnership expertise on an ad-hoc basis. Customers can draw on our expertise in any combination of: > Consultancy about what Big Data technologies to consider for their use case, and why > Big Data architectural design and validation, by injecting key skills to kick start the project > DevOps for Big Data technologies, to free client staff to focus on business needs > Data science consultancy, to help turn needs into appropriate algorithms to deliver insights.  Responsive and Appropriate Support for Your Project Big Data Partnership provides a service level agreement to respond to new requests for resources within two working days. And we will assign the appropriate resource to the project as swiftly as possible. If the project burns down the planned resources more quickly than anticipated we can expand the package. Because the Big Data Partnership engagement technical lead is always up to date with project progress they will pro-actively share any concerns they might have about unresolved issues though, of course, this is in an advisor role. Project control and management remains with you the client, with Big Data Partnership delivering as much or as little support and assistance as the project team needs. Our success is measured by your success. DatasheetConsultancy & Development Team Support Service OfferingDOWNLOAD Comments are closed. Consultancy & Development Team Support Service Offering Comments are closed. Apache Cassandra Support YOUR BIG DATA SUPPORT PARTNER  Big Data Partnership has the skills and the reach to provide your Cassandra support, but also, we try that little bit harder. For us, every customer should be a reference customer who is proud of us as a supplier and whom we are proud to support. Development, Testing and Production Support Services During Development your team will need access to the experts. So we offer free support through our customer web portal. In Production you need the highest level of service, which we deliver as a subscription, based on number of nodes supported, with volume discount breaks factored into the pricing. If you need support for the Transition from Development to Production (Test & Staging), we offer a third, intermediary, level of support with lower subscriptions and service levels than Production support. End-to-End Ticket Management Health-Check & Kick-Start We always recommend a Health-Check engagement before production deployment. For less-experienced teams embarking on a Cassandra project, we also recommend a two-stage, Kick-Start engagement in which our experts will help you over those key early stages, such as cluster configuration and data modelling, and then come back a week or two later, to assess and fine tune early progress. Our customers confirm the value of Health-Check and Kick-Start engagements. That is why we include a pre-production Health Check in all Production support agreements. And we include a Kick-Start engagement for organizations that commit, at the beginning of a project, to Production support later.  Not just Cassandra  Apache Cassandra Support Service Offering Comments are closed. Training & Education Get certified!Training & certification from the experts in Hadoop, Spark, NoSQL including Cassandra & Couchbase and Big Data Concepts.     Comments are closed. Public Training Schedule Register to attend a public open-enrolment class     Big Data Partnership Courses London, UK 10 July 2015Leeds, UKRegister Now24 August 2015London, UKRegister Now Leeds, UK London, UK  London, UK Hortonworks University Leeds, UK London, UK London, UK Virtual classroom  London, UK   27 - 30 July 2015London, UKRegister Now London, UK   7 - 8 September 2015London, UKRegister Now London, UK London, UK  London, UK Virtual classroom Apache Cassandra Training London, UK  London, UK London, UK Databricks Apache Spark Training London, UK   London, UK London, UK training@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550  Comments are closed. Big Data Partnership Courses  Big Data Concepts This one-day masterclass is an executive briefing on Big Data designed for senior management and business leaders to learn about Big Data concepts and familiarise themselves with the business and technology trends and opportunities. Includes extensive guidance in applying the right economic, technological and business criteria to the evaluation of Big Data adoption in your organisation. This masterclass will enable you to: > Understand big data and how it can be applied to store, manage, process and analyse massive amounts of unstructured and poly-structured data > Explore the technologies underpinning big data including Hadoop and NoSQL > Determine how big data systems can complement traditional data warehousing and business intelligence solutions and processes > Utilise big data to differentiate your business and provide better service to your customers > Examine case studies of how big data is influencing society and businesses. Senior Executives, Business Leaders, IT Managers. This course is a one-day masterclass however it is possible to customise to your specific needs.  Hadoop Masterclass This one-day Hadoop Masterclass course is designed to educate both IT professionals and decision-makers about the concepts of Apache Hadoop and how it can benefit your business by unlocking value from data. You will gain an understanding of the Hadoop technology stack, including MapReduce, HDFS, Hive, Pig, HBase, Mahout and other common utilities. This informative class will help you better understand: > What is Hadoop? > The essential components of a Hadoop-based data management solution > Pros and cons of implementing Hadoop > How does Hadoop fit into our existing environment and architecture? > The differences between various Hadoop distributions > Examine case studies of how big data is influencing society and businesses. > Why Hadoop? > The Hadoop Platform > The future of Hadoop Senior Executives, Business Leaders, IT Managers, Technical Staff, Developers & Administrators. No programming experience is required. This course is a one-day masterclass however it is possible to customise to your specific needs.  Machine Learning with Apache Mahout: Introduction to scalable ML for Developers This one-day course is designed to help Software Engineers and Data Scientists understand the high-level concepts and classifications of machine learning systems, with a strong focus on building Recommender Systems. You will gain an understanding of the tools and high-level conceptual ideas needed to understand what a machine learning solution is (and is not) capable of, and how to identify a suitable use case. You will learn how to construct an example solution at the conceptual level using pre-provided building blocks in order to get a feel for the general design patterns. You will learn hands-on how to build a scalable hybrid real-time Recommender System based on Apache Hadoop, Apache Mahout, and Apache Solr, and how to optimise the system to deliver real business value. The course has been jointly designed and written by Big Data Partnership and Ted Dunning, world renowned expert in Recommender Systems and co-author of Mahout in Action (Manning) which is also recommended as a companion book to the course. This masterclass will enable you to: > Classes and categories of machine learning systems > Capabilities and limitations of end solutions, in business terms > Capabilities and limitations of technology, in solution capability terms > Use case identification and structure > How to structure and plan a machine learning project for your business Concepts: > Machine learning system classifications > Capabilities and limitations Use Cases: > Top level use case categorisations > Identifying and categorising your own use case > Deep-dive use case example Technology: > Technology landscape > Capabilities and limitations > Selecting the right tools for the job > Implementation choices > Optimisation > Performance and scalability > Integration Concepts: > Machine learning system classifications > Capabilities and limitations Use Cases: > Top level use case categorisations > Identifying and categorising your own use case > Deep-dive use case example Technology: > Technology landscape > Capabilities and limitations > Selecting the right tools for the job > Implementation choices > Optimisation > Performance and scalability > Integration Software Engineers, Data Scientists, or Technologists with a background in Java programming or a similar modern programming language. This course is a one-day masterclass however it is possible to customise to your specific needs.  View All Scheduled Classes Immensely pleased with the course content and expert trainer. The real-life practitioner experience and interest in the subject matter was clearly demonstrated by the trainer. The courses provided key insight and hands-on exposure into the relatively new and emerging Big Data field. The courses were detailed, enjoyable and great to be surrounded with like-minded and interesting course delegates.  training@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550  Comments are closed. Hortonworks University Certified Training Partner   Apache Hadoop 2.x Training Courses Course Duration: 4 Days This four-day Apache Hadoop 2.x training course is designed for administrators who deploy and manage Apache Hadoop 2.x clusters. Through a combination of lecture and hands-on exercises you will learn how to install, configure, maintain and scale your Hadoop 2.x environment. At the end of this course you will have a solid understanding of how Hadoop works with Big Data and through the hands-on exercises will have completed the Hadoop deployment lifecycle for a multi-node cluster.  This course utilises a Linux environment. Attendees should know how to navigate and modify files within a Linux environment. Existing knowledge of Hadoop is not required. This course is designed for IT administrators and operators responsible for installing, configuring and supporting an Apache Hadoop 2.x deployment in a Linux environment.  Course Duration: 4 Days This 4-day hands-on training course teaches students how to develop applications and analyse Big Data stored in Apache Hadoop 2.0 using Pig and Hive. Students will learn the details of Hadoop 2.x, YARN, the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), an overview of MapReduce, and a deep dive into using Pig and Hive to perform data analytics on Big Data. Other topics covered include data ingestion using Sqoop and Flume, and defining workflow using Oozie.  Students should be familiar with programming principles and have experience in software development. SQL knowledge is also helpful. No prior Hadoop knowledge is required. Data Analysts, BI Analysts, BI Developers, SAS Developers and other types of analysts who need to answer questions and analyse Big Data stored in a Hadoop cluster.  Course Duration: 4 Days This four-day course provides Java programmers a deep-dive into Hadoop 2.x application development. Students will learn how to design and develop efficient and effective MapReduce applications for Hadoop 2.0 using the Hortonworks Data Platform. Students who attend this course will learn how to harness the power of Hadoop 2.x to manipulate, analyse and perform computations on their Big Data.  This course assumes students have experience developing Java applications and using a Java IDE. Labs are completed using the Eclipse IDE and Maven. No prior Hadoop knowledge is required. Experienced Java software engineers who need to understand and develop Java MapReduce applications for Hadoop 2.x.  Course Duration: 4 Days  Students should have programming experience, preferably with Visual Studio and SQL, as well as familiarity with the Windows Server operating system. No prior Hadoop knowledge is required. .NET Developers and Data Analysts responsible for developing applications and performing analysis on big data using the Hortonworks Data Platform for Windows.  Course Duration: 2 Days This 2-day hands-on training course introduces students to the development of custom YARN applications for Apache Hadoop. The course covers details of the YARN architecture, steps involved in writing a YARN application, writing a YARN client and ApplicationMaster, and how to launch Containers.  Student should be experienced Java developers who possess Hadoop development knowledge plus an understanding of HDFS and the MapReduce framework. Hadoop Developers who need to develop YARN applications on Hadoop 2.x by writing custom YARN clients and ApplicationMasters in Java.   Course Duration: 3 Days This 3-day, hands-on training course introduces the fundamentals of Data Science and how to apply these concepts in Hadoop using machine learning, Mahout, Pig, Python and various machine learning libraries like SciPy and Scikit-Learn.  Architects, software developers, analysts and data scientists who need to understand how to apply data science and machine learning on Hadoop will get the most from this course.  Course Duration: 1 Day This one-day course provides a technical overview of Apache Hadoop for decision makers and business users. Students will obtain a deeper understanding of what is Big Data, Hadoop 2.x, the architecture and various technologies in the Hadoop ecosystem, and the business value that Hadoop provides.  No prior Hadoop knowledge is required. No programming experience is required. Students have the option of following along with hands-on demonstrations using the Hortonworks Sandbox. Data architects, data integration architects, managers, C-level executives, decision makers, technical infrastructure team, and Hadoop administrators and developers who want to understand the fundamentals of big data and Hadoop 2.0 architecture.  On-site Training  At course completion, all students will have the necessary skills and information required to take the Hortonworks Apache Hadoop Certified Administrator, Certified Java Developer or Certified Developer exams which are administered via Kryterion. View All Scheduled Classes training@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550  Comments are closed. Apache Spark Training Certified Databricks Training Course Duration: 1 day This class is intended for developers who have some background developing apps in Java, Python, or Scala, but are not already familiar with Spark. This course is a one-day workshop.  On-site Training   Comments are closed. Apache Cassandra Training Apache Cassandra Core InternalsCourse Duration: 3 days This three day vendor agnostic Apache Cassandra course is a hybrid for developers and administration staff. The class is 60% lecture and 40% labs with topics covered including: introduction to Cassandra, architecture fundamentals, Cassandra storage internals, data modelling using CQL in Cassandra, Spark/Cassandra integration. Datasheet Book Now  Course Duration: 3 days On-site Training  View All Scheduled Classes This was an enjoyable and informative course; the instructor was not afraid to go off-script to better explain the more complex concepts. training@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550  Comments are closed. Couchbase Learning Services Certified Couchbase Training Course Duration: 4 days Course Duration: 3 days  View All Scheduled Classes This was an enjoyable and informative course; the instructor was not afraid to go off-script to better explain the more complex concepts. training@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550  Comments are closed. MapR Academy  Course Duration: 3 days  Beginner to intermediate. Java Developers with basic Hadoop knowledge will be helpful but is not mandatory. Prior experience with HBase or MapR not required.   Course Duration: 3 days Intermediate to advance. Java Developers with basic Hadoop knowledge. Prior HBase experience not required.  On-site Training  View All Scheduled Classes Instructor from Big Data Partnership was extremely knowledgeable and a very good presenter. I feel the class benefited hugely from their knowledge base vs. just reading the documentation. training@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550  Comments are closed. WE DISCOVER WE DEVELOP WE DELIVER WE ARE THE BIG DATA EXPERTS WE EMPOWER BUSINESS We are Big Data Partnership Strategy| Systems Integration | Data Science | Training | Support UNLOCK VALUE FROM COMPLEX DATA. We work with our clients every step of the way. Identifying the individual goals and collaborating to deliver the most creative and exciting big data solutions. Experimenting and trying new technologies is one of the joys of working in our industry. We aim to constantly push the boundaries of new data science techniques and modern big data technology. Our Services Our services are delivered by our team of certified big data experts and data scientists who are able to assist you in building scalable solutions that give real tangible business benefit.         Are you ready to start a conversation? Use Cases These are just a sample of Big Data use cases. In fact, the most compelling use case at any given enterprise may be as yet undiscovered. Such is the promise of Big Data.             Instructor from Big Data Partnership was extremely knowledgeable and a very good presenter. I feel the class benefited hugely from their knowledge base vs. just reading the documentation. This was an enjoyable and informative course; the instructor was not afraid to go off-script to better explain the more complex concepts. Immensely pleased with the course content and expert trainer. The real-life practitioner experience and interest in the subject matter was clearly demonstrated by the trainer. The courses provided key insight and hands-on exposure into the relatively new and emerging Big Data field. The courses were detailed, enjoyable and great to be surrounded with like-minded and interesting course delegates.  Partners Our Featured Partners and World Class Alliances   We firmly believe successful partnerships built on solid foundations of customer-focused collaboration, joint innovation and long-term relationship development help to deliver sustainable growth and enable our customers to stay ahead of the competition. We work hand-in-hand with selected partners to strengthen our own unique portfolio in consulting, training and services based on our strong and local presence within the UK, European & Middle-Eastern regions. BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch Get In Touch  info@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR. United Kingdom Contact We'd really love to hear from you so why not drop us an email and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. // <![CDATA[ var google_conversion_id = 1007640943; var google_conversion_language = "en"; var google_conversion_format = "3"; var google_conversion_color = "ffffff"; var google_conversion_label = "fu_SCJHU7QYQ78K94AM"; var google_conversion_value = 0; var google_remarketing_only = false; // ]]&gt; // <![CDATA[</p> <p>// ]]&gt;  Follow us on Twitter Final day @InteropLondon . Great to see a packed session on #datascience. #bigdata http://t.co/CUpFUs95lq Our #bigdata masterclasses @InteropLondon were a success today! Few more places left tomorrow/Thursday. Book yours to avoid disappointment. Missed today's talks at @InteropLondon ? Don't worry. More talks tomorrow from our @BigDataExperts @Triggar http://t.co/CPWrPwfBqV RT @InteropLondon : Number 5 our personal fave... @BigDataExperts #interop https://t.co/lhTOoVDdyM WE DISCOVER WE DEVELOP WE DELIVER WE ARE THE BIG DATA EXPERTS WE EMPOWER BUSINESS We are Big Data Partnership Strategy| Systems Integration | Data Science | Training | Support UNLOCK VALUE FROM COMPLEX DATA. We work with our clients every step of the way. Identifying the individual goals and collaborating to deliver the most creative and exciting big data solutions. Experimenting and trying new technologies is one of the joys of working in our industry. We aim to constantly push the boundaries of new data science techniques and modern big data technology. Our Services Our services are delivered by our team of certified big data experts and data scientists who are able to assist you in building scalable solutions that give real tangible business benefit.         Are you ready to start a conversation? Use Cases These are just a sample of Big Data use cases. In fact, the most compelling use case at any given enterprise may be as yet undiscovered. Such is the promise of Big Data.             Instructor from Big Data Partnership was extremely knowledgeable and a very good presenter. I feel the class benefited hugely from their knowledge base vs. just reading the documentation. This was an enjoyable and informative course; the instructor was not afraid to go off-script to better explain the more complex concepts. Immensely pleased with the course content and expert trainer. The real-life practitioner experience and interest in the subject matter was clearly demonstrated by the trainer. The courses provided key insight and hands-on exposure into the relatively new and emerging Big Data field. The courses were detailed, enjoyable and great to be surrounded with like-minded and interesting course delegates.  Partners Our Featured Partners and World Class Alliances   We firmly believe successful partnerships built on solid foundations of customer-focused collaboration, joint innovation and long-term relationship development help to deliver sustainable growth and enable our customers to stay ahead of the competition. We work hand-in-hand with selected partners to strengthen our own unique portfolio in consulting, training and services based on our strong and local presence within the UK, European & Middle-Eastern regions. BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch Get In Touch  info@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR. United Kingdom Contact We'd really love to hear from you so why not drop us an email and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. // <![CDATA[ var google_conversion_id = 1007640943; var google_conversion_language = "en"; var google_conversion_format = "3"; var google_conversion_color = "ffffff"; var google_conversion_label = "fu_SCJHU7QYQ78K94AM"; var google_conversion_value = 0; var google_remarketing_only = false; // ]]&gt; // <![CDATA[</p> <p>// ]]&gt;  Follow us on Twitter Final day @InteropLondon . Great to see a packed session on #datascience. #bigdata http://t.co/CUpFUs95lq Our #bigdata masterclasses @InteropLondon were a success today! Few more places left tomorrow/Thursday. Book yours to avoid disappointment. Missed today's talks at @InteropLondon ? Don't worry. More talks tomorrow from our @BigDataExperts @Triggar http://t.co/CPWrPwfBqV RT @InteropLondon : Number 5 our personal fave... @BigDataExperts #interop https://t.co/lhTOoVDdyM Careers Be part of our exciting start-up Big Data Partnership is currently recruiting. // <![CDATA[</p> <p>// ]]&gt; // <![CDATA[ widget({ "company_code":"BigDataPartnership", "bg_color_widget":"#ffffff", "bg_color_headers":"#404040", "bg_color_links":"#80f768", "txt_color_headers":"#ffffff", "txt_color_job":"#3d3d3d", "bg_color_even_row":"#C5C7C7", "bg_color_odd_row":"#C5C7C7", "custom_css_url":"https://www.smartrecruiters.com/img/style/smartWidget/smart_widget.css", "auto_width":"auto", "auto_height":"auto", "number":"on", "job_title":"true", "location":"true", "filter_locations":"London" }); // ]]&gt;  To all recruitment agencies: Big Data Partnership does not accept unsolicited resumes from recruiters and are not responsible for fees from recruiters or other agencies except under specific written agreement with Big Data Partnership. Comments are closed. Comments are closed. Our Thoughts So, do i need hiking boots for my Big Data Journey? The Big Data Heartbeat Big Data is a truly global phenomenon Getting into the Christmas Spirit Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? MapR guest blog on 6 steps to big data success The BigStep bloggers added a new entry to their Expert Interviews when they talked to Big Data Partnership Principal Consultant, Christian Prokopp. You can read what Christian shared about Hadoop, Big Data adoption challenges, alternative and future trends here: http://blog.bigstep.com/expert-interviews/expert-interview-christian-prokopp/ WE DISCOVER WE DEVELOP WE DELIVER WE ARE THE BIG DATA EXPERTS WE EMPOWER BUSINESS We are Big Data Partnership Strategy| Systems Integration | Data Science | Training | Support UNLOCK VALUE FROM COMPLEX DATA. We work with our clients every step of the way. Identifying the individual goals and collaborating to deliver the most creative and exciting big data solutions. Experimenting and trying new technologies is one of the joys of working in our industry. We aim to constantly push the boundaries of new data science techniques and modern big data technology. Our Services Our services are delivered by our team of certified big data experts and data scientists who are able to assist you in building scalable solutions that give real tangible business benefit.         Are you ready to start a conversation? Use Cases These are just a sample of Big Data use cases. In fact, the most compelling use case at any given enterprise may be as yet undiscovered. Such is the promise of Big Data.             Instructor from Big Data Partnership was extremely knowledgeable and a very good presenter. I feel the class benefited hugely from their knowledge base vs. just reading the documentation. This was an enjoyable and informative course; the instructor was not afraid to go off-script to better explain the more complex concepts. Immensely pleased with the course content and expert trainer. The real-life practitioner experience and interest in the subject matter was clearly demonstrated by the trainer. The courses provided key insight and hands-on exposure into the relatively new and emerging Big Data field. The courses were detailed, enjoyable and great to be surrounded with like-minded and interesting course delegates.  Partners Our Featured Partners and World Class Alliances   We firmly believe successful partnerships built on solid foundations of customer-focused collaboration, joint innovation and long-term relationship development help to deliver sustainable growth and enable our customers to stay ahead of the competition. We work hand-in-hand with selected partners to strengthen our own unique portfolio in consulting, training and services based on our strong and local presence within the UK, European & Middle-Eastern regions. BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch Get In Touch  info@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR. United Kingdom Contact We'd really love to hear from you so why not drop us an email and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. // <![CDATA[ var google_conversion_id = 1007640943; var google_conversion_language = "en"; var google_conversion_format = "3"; var google_conversion_color = "ffffff"; var google_conversion_label = "fu_SCJHU7QYQ78K94AM"; var google_conversion_value = 0; var google_remarketing_only = false; // ]]&gt; // <![CDATA[</p> <p>// ]]&gt;  Follow us on Twitter Final day @InteropLondon . Great to see a packed session on #datascience. #bigdata http://t.co/CUpFUs95lq Our #bigdata masterclasses @InteropLondon were a success today! Few more places left tomorrow/Thursday. Book yours to avoid disappointment. Missed today's talks at @InteropLondon ? Don't worry. More talks tomorrow from our @BigDataExperts @Triggar http://t.co/CPWrPwfBqV RT @InteropLondon : Number 5 our personal fave... @BigDataExperts #interop https://t.co/lhTOoVDdyM  About Big Data Partnership  About Beringea Beringea is an international venture capital firm with offices in London and Detroit. In the UK Beringea manages ProVen VCT, ProVen Growth & Income VCT and ProVen Planned Exit VCT. Beringea launched its first VCT in 1996, making it one of the most experienced VCT managers in the UK. ProVen Growth & Income and ProVen VCT are highest performing VCTs of their launch years, respectively, according to www.taxefficientreview.com. For more information please visit www.provenvcts.co.uk. ### Contact General enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com // @BigDataExperts +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Media enquiries: Miisa Bergius press@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)7886 521 126 Carol Clifford cclifford@beringea.co.uk +44 (0)20 7845 7820 Posted on May 7, 2015 in Press Releases Comments are closed.  About Big Data Partnership  About Beringea Beringea is an international venture capital firm with offices in London and Detroit. In the UK Beringea manages ProVen VCT, ProVen Growth & Income VCT and ProVen Planned Exit VCT. Beringea launched its first VCT in 1996, making it one of the most experienced VCT managers in the UK. ProVen Growth & Income and ProVen VCT are highest performing VCTs of their launch years, respectively, according to www.taxefficientreview.com. For more information please visit www.provenvcts.co.uk. ### Contact General enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com // @BigDataExperts +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Media enquiries: Miisa Bergius press@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)7886 521 126 Carol Clifford cclifford@beringea.co.uk +44 (0)20 7845 7820 Posted on May 7, 2015 in Press Releases Comments are closed. Category Archive for: Press Releases Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks   About Big Data Partnership  About Beringea Beringea is an international venture capital firm with offices in London and Detroit. In the UK Beringea manages ProVen VCT, ProVen Growth & Income VCT and ProVen Planned Exit VCT. Beringea launched its first VCT in 1996, making it one of the most experienced VCT managers in the UK. ProVen Growth & Income and ProVen VCT are highest performing VCTs of their launch years, respectively, according to www.taxefficientreview.com. For more information please visit www.provenvcts.co.uk. ### Contact General enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com // @BigDataExperts +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Media enquiries: Miisa Bergius press@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)7886 521 126 Carol Clifford cclifford@beringea.co.uk +44 (0)20 7845 7820 Posted on May 7, 2015 in Press Releases Comments are closed. Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Posted on December 10, 2014 in Blog, Data Science, In The Press, Machine Learning, Press Releases, Science Comments are closed. Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Posted on December 10, 2014 in Blog, Data Science, In The Press, Machine Learning, Press Releases, Science Comments are closed. Category Archive for: Blog So, do i need hiking boots for my Big Data Journey? Big Data is a truly global phenomenon Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? MapR guest blog on 6 steps to big data success Wine Tasting and Big Data Project Decision Making Big Data training is about bringing real-world experience into the classroom Picnic in the Park Category Archive for: Data Science Big Data is a truly global phenomenon Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes?  Category Archive for: In The Press The Big Data Heartbeat Big Data is a truly global phenomenon Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? The BigStep bloggers added a new entry to their Expert Interviews when they talked to Big Data Partnership Principal Consultant, Christian Prokopp. You can read what Christian shared about Hadoop, Big Data adoption challenges, alternative and future trends here: http://blog.bigstep.com/expert-interviews/expert-interview-christian-prokopp/ Welcome to the perkplace: why you should move to an office with benefits Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner Grasping the full potential of cyber insurance Time to avoid gut instinct Category Archive for: Machine Learning Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes?  Category Archive for: Press Releases Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Category Archive for: Science Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data and Real Time Analytics Map Side and Reduce Side Joins Bloom Filter Vs Feature Hashing Clustering with Mahout Recommending from big data  Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Posted on December 10, 2014 in Blog, Data Science, In The Press, Machine Learning, Press Releases, Science Comments are closed. Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner Big Data Partnership provides vendor-agnostic big data consulting, training and support for diverse industries including web, financial services, telecoms, utilities, defence and media. Its extensive client list boasts several leading Fortune 500 companies. Big Data Partnership offers a unique breadth of knowledge of open source big data technologies, which is reflected in its wide range of partners. This enables it to offer training and assistance to IT professionals who need to learn about and exploit these technologies.   ###  For general enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com For media enquiries: Dai Clegg press@bigdatapartnership.com Posted on September 9, 2014 in In The Press, Press Releases Comments are closed. Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner Big Data Partnership provides vendor-agnostic big data consulting, training and support for diverse industries including web, financial services, telecoms, utilities, defence and media. Its extensive client list boasts several leading Fortune 500 companies. Big Data Partnership offers a unique breadth of knowledge of open source big data technologies, which is reflected in its wide range of partners. This enables it to offer training and assistance to IT professionals who need to learn about and exploit these technologies.   ###  For general enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com For media enquiries: Dai Clegg press@bigdatapartnership.com Posted on September 9, 2014 in In The Press, Press Releases Comments are closed. Category Archive for: In The Press The Big Data Heartbeat Big Data is a truly global phenomenon Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? The BigStep bloggers added a new entry to their Expert Interviews when they talked to Big Data Partnership Principal Consultant, Christian Prokopp. You can read what Christian shared about Hadoop, Big Data adoption challenges, alternative and future trends here: http://blog.bigstep.com/expert-interviews/expert-interview-christian-prokopp/ Welcome to the perkplace: why you should move to an office with benefits Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner Grasping the full potential of cyber insurance Time to avoid gut instinct Category Archive for: Press Releases Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner Big Data Partnership provides vendor-agnostic big data consulting, training and support for diverse industries including web, financial services, telecoms, utilities, defence and media. Its extensive client list boasts several leading Fortune 500 companies. Big Data Partnership offers a unique breadth of knowledge of open source big data technologies, which is reflected in its wide range of partners. This enables it to offer training and assistance to IT professionals who need to learn about and exploit these technologies.   ###  For general enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com For media enquiries: Dai Clegg press@bigdatapartnership.com Posted on September 9, 2014 in In The Press, Press Releases Comments are closed. BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA  Big Data Partnership provides vendor-agnostic big data consulting, training and support for diverse industries including web, financial services, telecoms, utilities, defence and media. Its extensive client list boasts several leading Fortune 500 companies. The funding will be used to accelerate the growth of the core team including engineering, data science, sales and marketing, to meet increasing demand from enterprise customers.  About Big Data Partnership About Beringea Beringea is an international venture capital firm with offices in London and Detroit. In the UK Beringea manages ProVen VCT, ProVen Growth & Income VCT and ProVen Planned Exit VCT. Beringea launched its first VCT in 1996, making it one of the most experienced VCT managers in the UK. ProVen Growth & Income and ProVen VCT are highest performing VCTs of their launch years, respectively, according to www.taxefficientreview.com. For more information please visit www.provenvcts.co.uk. ### General enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com Media enquiries: Big Data Partnership press@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Beringea LLP Carol Clifford +44 (0)20 7845 7820 cclifford@beringea.co.uk ### Notes to Editors The Big Data market as measured by vendor revenue derived from sales of related hardware, software and services reached $18.6 billion in calendar year 2013. That represents a growth rate of 58% over the previous year. Posted on June 5, 2014 in Press Releases Comments are closed. BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA  Big Data Partnership provides vendor-agnostic big data consulting, training and support for diverse industries including web, financial services, telecoms, utilities, defence and media. Its extensive client list boasts several leading Fortune 500 companies. The funding will be used to accelerate the growth of the core team including engineering, data science, sales and marketing, to meet increasing demand from enterprise customers.  About Big Data Partnership About Beringea Beringea is an international venture capital firm with offices in London and Detroit. In the UK Beringea manages ProVen VCT, ProVen Growth & Income VCT and ProVen Planned Exit VCT. Beringea launched its first VCT in 1996, making it one of the most experienced VCT managers in the UK. ProVen Growth & Income and ProVen VCT are highest performing VCTs of their launch years, respectively, according to www.taxefficientreview.com. For more information please visit www.provenvcts.co.uk. ### General enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com Media enquiries: Big Data Partnership press@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Beringea LLP Carol Clifford +44 (0)20 7845 7820 cclifford@beringea.co.uk ### Notes to Editors The Big Data market as measured by vendor revenue derived from sales of related hardware, software and services reached $18.6 billion in calendar year 2013. That represents a growth rate of 58% over the previous year. Posted on June 5, 2014 in Press Releases Comments are closed. Category Archive for: Press Releases Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA  Big Data Partnership provides vendor-agnostic big data consulting, training and support for diverse industries including web, financial services, telecoms, utilities, defence and media. Its extensive client list boasts several leading Fortune 500 companies. The funding will be used to accelerate the growth of the core team including engineering, data science, sales and marketing, to meet increasing demand from enterprise customers.  About Big Data Partnership About Beringea Beringea is an international venture capital firm with offices in London and Detroit. In the UK Beringea manages ProVen VCT, ProVen Growth & Income VCT and ProVen Planned Exit VCT. Beringea launched its first VCT in 1996, making it one of the most experienced VCT managers in the UK. ProVen Growth & Income and ProVen VCT are highest performing VCTs of their launch years, respectively, according to www.taxefficientreview.com. For more information please visit www.provenvcts.co.uk. ### General enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com Media enquiries: Big Data Partnership press@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Beringea LLP Carol Clifford +44 (0)20 7845 7820 cclifford@beringea.co.uk ### Notes to Editors The Big Data market as measured by vendor revenue derived from sales of related hardware, software and services reached $18.6 billion in calendar year 2013. That represents a growth rate of 58% over the previous year. Posted on June 5, 2014 in Press Releases Comments are closed. Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises  ### For general enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com For media enquiries: Rebecca Geller press@bigdatapartnership.com  Intel and Xeon are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. Posted on February 17, 2014 in Press Releases Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises  ### For general enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com For media enquiries: Rebecca Geller press@bigdatapartnership.com  Intel and Xeon are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. Posted on February 17, 2014 in Press Releases Category Archive for: Press Releases Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises  ### For general enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com For media enquiries: Rebecca Geller press@bigdatapartnership.com  Intel and Xeon are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. Posted on February 17, 2014 in Press Releases  The three-day event will bring together hundreds of the best minds in big data. From developers to business users, attendees can learn how the massively scalable, always available open-source Cassandra database can power their online applications. Speakers from Barclays, Orange, Sky, Spotify, the Russian social network Odnoklassniki.ru, SoundCloud, Rackspace and many more will present at the conference. Jonathan Ellis, Chair of the Apache Cassandra Project and Chief Technology Officer at DataStax will present the keynote address. The Day One Technical Workshop offers the opportunity to become officially certified as a DataStax Certified Cassandra Developer. Technical Workshop attendees also gain admission to the Conference (Day 2), which is included as part of the Day 1 Workshop + Day 2 Conference combined ticket. The Day Two Conference showcases innovative use cases across four speaking tracks from prominent Cassandra users including Orange, Spotify, Fusion-io, and SoundCloud. Jonathan Ellis, Apache Chair for Cassandra will present the keynote, outlining the key improvements to Cassandra 2.0. The Day Three Training Workshop has been added due to the sell-out of the training day scheduled for day one. This additional day is dedicated to technical training sessions, giving attendees the opportunity to become a certified DataStax Cassandra developer. New tickets can include both Day Two and Three as part of an overall package. The three-day Summit has support from a host of industry sponsors shaping next generation application environments including Fusion-io, Accenture, Acunu, Big Data Partnership, Compuware, Jaspersoft, Pentaho and Servoy. The Cassandra Europe Summit will take place at the Barbican Centre, London. To register for the Cassandra Summit Europe or find more information on the event, visithttp://www.datastax.com/cassandraeurope2013/register#h1. Posted on October 1, 2013 in Press Releases Comments are closed.  The three-day event will bring together hundreds of the best minds in big data. From developers to business users, attendees can learn how the massively scalable, always available open-source Cassandra database can power their online applications. Speakers from Barclays, Orange, Sky, Spotify, the Russian social network Odnoklassniki.ru, SoundCloud, Rackspace and many more will present at the conference. Jonathan Ellis, Chair of the Apache Cassandra Project and Chief Technology Officer at DataStax will present the keynote address. The Day One Technical Workshop offers the opportunity to become officially certified as a DataStax Certified Cassandra Developer. Technical Workshop attendees also gain admission to the Conference (Day 2), which is included as part of the Day 1 Workshop + Day 2 Conference combined ticket. The Day Two Conference showcases innovative use cases across four speaking tracks from prominent Cassandra users including Orange, Spotify, Fusion-io, and SoundCloud. Jonathan Ellis, Apache Chair for Cassandra will present the keynote, outlining the key improvements to Cassandra 2.0. The Day Three Training Workshop has been added due to the sell-out of the training day scheduled for day one. This additional day is dedicated to technical training sessions, giving attendees the opportunity to become a certified DataStax Cassandra developer. New tickets can include both Day Two and Three as part of an overall package. The three-day Summit has support from a host of industry sponsors shaping next generation application environments including Fusion-io, Accenture, Acunu, Big Data Partnership, Compuware, Jaspersoft, Pentaho and Servoy. The Cassandra Europe Summit will take place at the Barbican Centre, London. To register for the Cassandra Summit Europe or find more information on the event, visithttp://www.datastax.com/cassandraeurope2013/register#h1. Posted on October 1, 2013 in Press Releases Comments are closed. Category Archive for: Press Releases Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks   The three-day event will bring together hundreds of the best minds in big data. From developers to business users, attendees can learn how the massively scalable, always available open-source Cassandra database can power their online applications. Speakers from Barclays, Orange, Sky, Spotify, the Russian social network Odnoklassniki.ru, SoundCloud, Rackspace and many more will present at the conference. Jonathan Ellis, Chair of the Apache Cassandra Project and Chief Technology Officer at DataStax will present the keynote address. The Day One Technical Workshop offers the opportunity to become officially certified as a DataStax Certified Cassandra Developer. Technical Workshop attendees also gain admission to the Conference (Day 2), which is included as part of the Day 1 Workshop + Day 2 Conference combined ticket. The Day Two Conference showcases innovative use cases across four speaking tracks from prominent Cassandra users including Orange, Spotify, Fusion-io, and SoundCloud. Jonathan Ellis, Apache Chair for Cassandra will present the keynote, outlining the key improvements to Cassandra 2.0. The Day Three Training Workshop has been added due to the sell-out of the training day scheduled for day one. This additional day is dedicated to technical training sessions, giving attendees the opportunity to become a certified DataStax Cassandra developer. New tickets can include both Day Two and Three as part of an overall package. The three-day Summit has support from a host of industry sponsors shaping next generation application environments including Fusion-io, Accenture, Acunu, Big Data Partnership, Compuware, Jaspersoft, Pentaho and Servoy. The Cassandra Europe Summit will take place at the Barbican Centre, London. To register for the Cassandra Summit Europe or find more information on the event, visithttp://www.datastax.com/cassandraeurope2013/register#h1. Posted on October 1, 2013 in Press Releases Comments are closed. MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA The agreement also aligns MapR with Big Data Partnership in the delivery of flagship projects and acknowledges the excellence shown by the UK based company in accelerating the adoption of Hadoop technologies and Big Data projects across Europe. Big Data Partnership has already engaged with many flagship global and FTSE 100 organisations to deliver consultancy, training and system integration skills to assist with major Big Data projects. Big Data Partnership has launched the first certified MapR course aimed at technical architects and system administrators to teach core skills needed to develop, implement and administer MapR Hadoop installations. The wide range of courses cover M3, M5 and M7 versions of MapR as well as best practice management and integration techniques for integrating MapR with critical database and analysis applications.  About Big Data Partnership Big Data Partnership is the leading UK-based big data specialist solution provider, offering a combination of Professional Services and Training to help enterprise clients unlock the value in complex data. With a team of industry experts and thought leaders in big data technologies including the Apache Hadoop ecosystem and NoSQL databases, Big Data Partnership has the knowledge and experience needed to Discover, Develop & Deliver scalable and reliable big data solutions, driving exciting results for our customers across the EMEA territory. Big Data Partnership is both a Systems Integrator and Training Delivery Partner of MapR (the first in Europe). For more information, visit www.bigdatapartnership.com.  About MapR Technologies MapR delivers on the promise of Hadoop, making managing and analysing Big Data a reality for more business users. The award-winning MapR Distribution brings unprecedented dependability, speed and ease-of-use to Hadoop. Combined with data protection and business continuity, MapR enables customers to harness the power of Big Data analytics. Leading companies including Amazon, Cisco, EMC and Google partner with MapR to deliver an enterprise-grade Hadoop solution. Investors include Lightspeed Venture Partners, NEA and Redpoint Ventures. Connect with MapR on Facebook, Linkedin, and Twitter. ### Media Contact The Message Machine Anne Harding, +44 (0)1895 631448 anne@themessagemachine.com  Posted on February 14, 2013 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA The agreement also aligns MapR with Big Data Partnership in the delivery of flagship projects and acknowledges the excellence shown by the UK based company in accelerating the adoption of Hadoop technologies and Big Data projects across Europe. Big Data Partnership has already engaged with many flagship global and FTSE 100 organisations to deliver consultancy, training and system integration skills to assist with major Big Data projects. Big Data Partnership has launched the first certified MapR course aimed at technical architects and system administrators to teach core skills needed to develop, implement and administer MapR Hadoop installations. The wide range of courses cover M3, M5 and M7 versions of MapR as well as best practice management and integration techniques for integrating MapR with critical database and analysis applications.  About Big Data Partnership Big Data Partnership is the leading UK-based big data specialist solution provider, offering a combination of Professional Services and Training to help enterprise clients unlock the value in complex data. With a team of industry experts and thought leaders in big data technologies including the Apache Hadoop ecosystem and NoSQL databases, Big Data Partnership has the knowledge and experience needed to Discover, Develop & Deliver scalable and reliable big data solutions, driving exciting results for our customers across the EMEA territory. Big Data Partnership is both a Systems Integrator and Training Delivery Partner of MapR (the first in Europe). For more information, visit www.bigdatapartnership.com.  About MapR Technologies MapR delivers on the promise of Hadoop, making managing and analysing Big Data a reality for more business users. The award-winning MapR Distribution brings unprecedented dependability, speed and ease-of-use to Hadoop. Combined with data protection and business continuity, MapR enables customers to harness the power of Big Data analytics. Leading companies including Amazon, Cisco, EMC and Google partner with MapR to deliver an enterprise-grade Hadoop solution. Investors include Lightspeed Venture Partners, NEA and Redpoint Ventures. Connect with MapR on Facebook, Linkedin, and Twitter. ### Media Contact The Message Machine Anne Harding, +44 (0)1895 631448 anne@themessagemachine.com  Posted on February 14, 2013 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. Category Archive for: Press Releases Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA The agreement also aligns MapR with Big Data Partnership in the delivery of flagship projects and acknowledges the excellence shown by the UK based company in accelerating the adoption of Hadoop technologies and Big Data projects across Europe. Big Data Partnership has already engaged with many flagship global and FTSE 100 organisations to deliver consultancy, training and system integration skills to assist with major Big Data projects. Big Data Partnership has launched the first certified MapR course aimed at technical architects and system administrators to teach core skills needed to develop, implement and administer MapR Hadoop installations. The wide range of courses cover M3, M5 and M7 versions of MapR as well as best practice management and integration techniques for integrating MapR with critical database and analysis applications.  About Big Data Partnership Big Data Partnership is the leading UK-based big data specialist solution provider, offering a combination of Professional Services and Training to help enterprise clients unlock the value in complex data. With a team of industry experts and thought leaders in big data technologies including the Apache Hadoop ecosystem and NoSQL databases, Big Data Partnership has the knowledge and experience needed to Discover, Develop & Deliver scalable and reliable big data solutions, driving exciting results for our customers across the EMEA territory. Big Data Partnership is both a Systems Integrator and Training Delivery Partner of MapR (the first in Europe). For more information, visit www.bigdatapartnership.com.  About MapR Technologies MapR delivers on the promise of Hadoop, making managing and analysing Big Data a reality for more business users. The award-winning MapR Distribution brings unprecedented dependability, speed and ease-of-use to Hadoop. Combined with data protection and business continuity, MapR enables customers to harness the power of Big Data analytics. Leading companies including Amazon, Cisco, EMC and Google partner with MapR to deliver an enterprise-grade Hadoop solution. Investors include Lightspeed Venture Partners, NEA and Redpoint Ventures. Connect with MapR on Facebook, Linkedin, and Twitter. ### Media Contact The Message Machine Anne Harding, +44 (0)1895 631448 anne@themessagemachine.com  Posted on February 14, 2013 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA The agreement also aligns MapR with Big Data Partnership in the delivery of flagship projects and acknowledges the excellence shown by the UK based company in accelerating the adoption of Hadoop technologies and Big Data projects across Europe. Big Data Partnership has already engaged with many flagship global and FTSE 100 organisations to deliver consultancy, training and system integration skills to assist with major Big Data projects. Big Data Partnership has launched the first certified MapR course aimed at technical architects and system administrators to teach core skills needed to develop, implement and administer MapR Hadoop installations. The wide range of courses cover M3, M5 and M7 versions of MapR as well as best practice management and integration techniques for integrating MapR with critical database and analysis applications.  About Big Data Partnership Big Data Partnership is the leading UK-based big data specialist solution provider, offering a combination of Professional Services and Training to help enterprise clients unlock the value in complex data. With a team of industry experts and thought leaders in big data technologies including the Apache Hadoop ecosystem and NoSQL databases, Big Data Partnership has the knowledge and experience needed to Discover, Develop & Deliver scalable and reliable big data solutions, driving exciting results for our customers across the EMEA territory. Big Data Partnership is both a Systems Integrator and Training Delivery Partner of MapR (the first in Europe). For more information, visit www.bigdatapartnership.com.  About MapR Technologies MapR delivers on the promise of Hadoop, making managing and analysing Big Data a reality for more business users. The award-winning MapR Distribution brings unprecedented dependability, speed and ease-of-use to Hadoop. Combined with data protection and business continuity, MapR enables customers to harness the power of Big Data analytics. Leading companies including Amazon, Cisco, EMC and Google partner with MapR to deliver an enterprise-grade Hadoop solution. Investors include Lightspeed Venture Partners, NEA and Redpoint Ventures. Connect with MapR on Facebook, Linkedin, and Twitter. ### Media Contact The Message Machine Anne Harding, +44 (0)1895 631448 anne@themessagemachine.com  Posted on February 14, 2013 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. Posts Tagged:MapR MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA  ### For media enquiries: Rebecca Geller press@bigdatapartnership.com Posted on November 27, 2012 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. ### For media enquiries: Rebecca Geller press@bigdatapartnership.com Posted on November 27, 2012 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. Category Archive for: Press Releases Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  ### For media enquiries: Rebecca Geller press@bigdatapartnership.com Posted on November 27, 2012 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. ### For media enquiries: Rebecca Geller press@bigdatapartnership.com Posted on November 27, 2012 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. Posts Tagged:HDInsight  Posts Tagged:Hortonworks Big Data training is about bringing real-world experience into the classroom Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Posts Tagged:Microsoft  Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks As the first Hortonworks certified training partner in the UK and Europe, Big Data Partnership is uniquely placed to deliver the Hortonworks Certified Apache Hadoop Developer and Administrator courses through private on-site training for enterprise customers.  Click to tweet: @BigDataExperts Big Data Partnership team up with @Hortonworks becoming their first Training & SI Partner in Europe. bit.ly/wNBFWK #hadoop  About Big Data Partnership Big Data Partnership is the leading UK-based big data specialist solution provider, offering a combination of Professional Services and Training to help enterprise clients unlock the value in complex data. With a team of industry experts and thought leaders in big data technologies including the Apache Hadoop ecosystem and NoSQL databases, Big Data Partnership has the knowledge and experience needed to Discover, Develop & Deliver scalable and reliable big data solutions, driving exciting results for our customers. Big Data Partnership is both a Systems Integrator and Training Delivery Partner of Hortonworks (the first in Europe). For more information, visit www.bigdatapartnership.com.  About Hortonworks Hortonworks is a leading commercial vendor of Apache Hadoop, the preeminent open source platform for storing, managing, and analyzing big data. Our distribution, Hortonworks Data Platform powered by Apache Hadoop, provides an open and stable foundation for enterprises and a growing ecosystem to build and deploy big data solutions. Hortonworks is the trusted source for information on Hadoop and together with the Apache community, Hortonworks is making Hadoop more robust and easier to install, manage, and use. Hortonworks provides unmatched technical support, training and certification programs for enterprises, systems integrators, and technology vendors. For more information, visit www.hortonworks.com. ### For media enquiries: Big Data Partnership Ltd. Pinal Gandhi, +44 (0)20 7205 2550 press@bigdatapartnership.com Hortonworks, Inc. Charlie Purdom, +1 855-846-7866 x226 charlie@hortonworks.com  Posted on June 13, 2012 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks As the first Hortonworks certified training partner in the UK and Europe, Big Data Partnership is uniquely placed to deliver the Hortonworks Certified Apache Hadoop Developer and Administrator courses through private on-site training for enterprise customers.  Click to tweet: @BigDataExperts Big Data Partnership team up with @Hortonworks becoming their first Training & SI Partner in Europe. bit.ly/wNBFWK #hadoop  About Big Data Partnership Big Data Partnership is the leading UK-based big data specialist solution provider, offering a combination of Professional Services and Training to help enterprise clients unlock the value in complex data. With a team of industry experts and thought leaders in big data technologies including the Apache Hadoop ecosystem and NoSQL databases, Big Data Partnership has the knowledge and experience needed to Discover, Develop & Deliver scalable and reliable big data solutions, driving exciting results for our customers. Big Data Partnership is both a Systems Integrator and Training Delivery Partner of Hortonworks (the first in Europe). For more information, visit www.bigdatapartnership.com.  About Hortonworks Hortonworks is a leading commercial vendor of Apache Hadoop, the preeminent open source platform for storing, managing, and analyzing big data. Our distribution, Hortonworks Data Platform powered by Apache Hadoop, provides an open and stable foundation for enterprises and a growing ecosystem to build and deploy big data solutions. Hortonworks is the trusted source for information on Hadoop and together with the Apache community, Hortonworks is making Hadoop more robust and easier to install, manage, and use. Hortonworks provides unmatched technical support, training and certification programs for enterprises, systems integrators, and technology vendors. For more information, visit www.hortonworks.com. ### For media enquiries: Big Data Partnership Ltd. Pinal Gandhi, +44 (0)20 7205 2550 press@bigdatapartnership.com Hortonworks, Inc. Charlie Purdom, +1 855-846-7866 x226 charlie@hortonworks.com  Posted on June 13, 2012 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. Category Archive for: Press Releases Can Big Data really identify the best treatment for people with Type II Diabetes? Big Data Partnership Accredited as Databricks Apache Spark Training Partner BIG DATA PARTNERSHIP SECURES SERIES A FUNDING from BERINGEA Big Data Partnership Expands Hadoop Offerings for EMEA Enterprises MapR announces certified training with Big Data Partnership in EMEA Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks As the first Hortonworks certified training partner in the UK and Europe, Big Data Partnership is uniquely placed to deliver the Hortonworks Certified Apache Hadoop Developer and Administrator courses through private on-site training for enterprise customers.  Click to tweet: @BigDataExperts Big Data Partnership team up with @Hortonworks becoming their first Training & SI Partner in Europe. bit.ly/wNBFWK #hadoop  About Big Data Partnership Big Data Partnership is the leading UK-based big data specialist solution provider, offering a combination of Professional Services and Training to help enterprise clients unlock the value in complex data. With a team of industry experts and thought leaders in big data technologies including the Apache Hadoop ecosystem and NoSQL databases, Big Data Partnership has the knowledge and experience needed to Discover, Develop & Deliver scalable and reliable big data solutions, driving exciting results for our customers. Big Data Partnership is both a Systems Integrator and Training Delivery Partner of Hortonworks (the first in Europe). For more information, visit www.bigdatapartnership.com.  About Hortonworks Hortonworks is a leading commercial vendor of Apache Hadoop, the preeminent open source platform for storing, managing, and analyzing big data. Our distribution, Hortonworks Data Platform powered by Apache Hadoop, provides an open and stable foundation for enterprises and a growing ecosystem to build and deploy big data solutions. Hortonworks is the trusted source for information on Hadoop and together with the Apache community, Hortonworks is making Hadoop more robust and easier to install, manage, and use. Hortonworks provides unmatched technical support, training and certification programs for enterprises, systems integrators, and technology vendors. For more information, visit www.hortonworks.com. ### For media enquiries: Big Data Partnership Ltd. Pinal Gandhi, +44 (0)20 7205 2550 press@bigdatapartnership.com Hortonworks, Inc. Charlie Purdom, +1 855-846-7866 x226 charlie@hortonworks.com  Posted on June 13, 2012 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks As the first Hortonworks certified training partner in the UK and Europe, Big Data Partnership is uniquely placed to deliver the Hortonworks Certified Apache Hadoop Developer and Administrator courses through private on-site training for enterprise customers.  Click to tweet: @BigDataExperts Big Data Partnership team up with @Hortonworks becoming their first Training & SI Partner in Europe. bit.ly/wNBFWK #hadoop  About Big Data Partnership Big Data Partnership is the leading UK-based big data specialist solution provider, offering a combination of Professional Services and Training to help enterprise clients unlock the value in complex data. With a team of industry experts and thought leaders in big data technologies including the Apache Hadoop ecosystem and NoSQL databases, Big Data Partnership has the knowledge and experience needed to Discover, Develop & Deliver scalable and reliable big data solutions, driving exciting results for our customers. Big Data Partnership is both a Systems Integrator and Training Delivery Partner of Hortonworks (the first in Europe). For more information, visit www.bigdatapartnership.com.  About Hortonworks Hortonworks is a leading commercial vendor of Apache Hadoop, the preeminent open source platform for storing, managing, and analyzing big data. Our distribution, Hortonworks Data Platform powered by Apache Hadoop, provides an open and stable foundation for enterprises and a growing ecosystem to build and deploy big data solutions. Hortonworks is the trusted source for information on Hadoop and together with the Apache community, Hortonworks is making Hadoop more robust and easier to install, manage, and use. Hortonworks provides unmatched technical support, training and certification programs for enterprises, systems integrators, and technology vendors. For more information, visit www.hortonworks.com. ### For media enquiries: Big Data Partnership Ltd. Pinal Gandhi, +44 (0)20 7205 2550 press@bigdatapartnership.com Hortonworks, Inc. Charlie Purdom, +1 855-846-7866 x226 charlie@hortonworks.com  Posted on June 13, 2012 in Press Releases You must be logged in to post a comment. Posts Tagged:Apache Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Posts Tagged:Big Data Big Data training is about bringing real-world experience into the classroom In the Press: Gartner Report Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Posts Tagged:Certification In the Press: Gartner Report Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Posts Tagged:Hadoop Training In the Press: Gartner Report Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Posts Tagged:Hortonworks Big Data training is about bringing real-world experience into the classroom Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks  Posts Tagged:partnership Big Data Partnership Announces Partnership with Hortonworks   About Big Data Partnership  About Beringea Beringea is an international venture capital firm with offices in London and Detroit. In the UK Beringea manages ProVen VCT, ProVen Growth & Income VCT and ProVen Planned Exit VCT. Beringea launched its first VCT in 1996, making it one of the most experienced VCT managers in the UK. ProVen Growth & Income and ProVen VCT are highest performing VCTs of their launch years, respectively, according to www.taxefficientreview.com. For more information please visit www.provenvcts.co.uk. ### Contact General enquiries: info@bigdatapartnership.com // @BigDataExperts +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Media enquiries: Miisa Bergius press@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)7886 521 126 Carol Clifford cclifford@beringea.co.uk +44 (0)20 7845 7820 Posted on May 7, 2015 in Press Releases Comments are closed. So, do i need hiking boots for my Big Data Journey? But more importantly, and with more crucial impact on businesses, the problem space has changed. Use cases that were not addressed at all can now be served, sometimes surprisingly easily. So for example handling very high arrival rate data and analysing it to produce results in real time was prohibitively expensive. Now it can be delivered cheaply on open source software and commodity hardware. With the rise of social data already on us, how many marketing organizations have a real-time picture of the effect of their campaigns and product launches so they can adjust in flight? A feedback loop that took weeks to tell a CMO if a new product features was being well received can be a feedback loop in minutes.   Posted on March 12, 2015 in Blog, Business Comments are closed. The Big Data Heartbeat The combination of short keynotes and panel discussions meant we got to hear lots of perspectives about a lot of interesting projects and programs; and speakers really had to focus to get their points across against the clock. Computer Business Review wrote it up here: Posted on January 21, 2015 in Business, Events, Government, In The Press Comments are closed. Big Data is a truly global phenomenon I guess it just goes to show that data knows no boundaries.  Posted on December 22, 2014 in Blog, Data Science, Hadoop Ecosystem, In The Press, Technology, Travel Comments are closed. Getting into the Christmas Spirit No not that kind of spirit! The spirit of Christmas sharing. But all in a good cause; all the participants who insisted on sharing their taste in seasonal knit-ware also had so share a little of their monetary good fortune with Save the Children.    Posted on December 15, 2014 in Fun Comments are closed. WE DISCOVER WE DEVELOP WE DELIVER WE ARE THE BIG DATA EXPERTS WE EMPOWER BUSINESS We are Big Data Partnership Strategy| Systems Integration | Data Science | Training | Support UNLOCK VALUE FROM COMPLEX DATA. We work with our clients every step of the way. Identifying the individual goals and collaborating to deliver the most creative and exciting big data solutions. Experimenting and trying new technologies is one of the joys of working in our industry. We aim to constantly push the boundaries of new data science techniques and modern big data technology. Our Services Our services are delivered by our team of certified big data experts and data scientists who are able to assist you in building scalable solutions that give real tangible business benefit.         Are you ready to start a conversation? Use Cases These are just a sample of Big Data use cases. In fact, the most compelling use case at any given enterprise may be as yet undiscovered. Such is the promise of Big Data.             Instructor from Big Data Partnership was extremely knowledgeable and a very good presenter. I feel the class benefited hugely from their knowledge base vs. just reading the documentation. This was an enjoyable and informative course; the instructor was not afraid to go off-script to better explain the more complex concepts. Immensely pleased with the course content and expert trainer. The real-life practitioner experience and interest in the subject matter was clearly demonstrated by the trainer. The courses provided key insight and hands-on exposure into the relatively new and emerging Big Data field. The courses were detailed, enjoyable and great to be surrounded with like-minded and interesting course delegates.  Partners Our Featured Partners and World Class Alliances   We firmly believe successful partnerships built on solid foundations of customer-focused collaboration, joint innovation and long-term relationship development help to deliver sustainable growth and enable our customers to stay ahead of the competition. We work hand-in-hand with selected partners to strengthen our own unique portfolio in consulting, training and services based on our strong and local presence within the UK, European & Middle-Eastern regions. BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch BECOME A PARTNER We are actively looking to build productive partnerships with innovative organisations that share the common goal of providing customers with the highest quality products and the most creative solutions to their big data challenges. Get In Touch Get In Touch  info@bigdatapartnership.com +44 (0)20 7205 2550 Eagle House, 163 City Road, London, EC1V 1NR. United Kingdom Contact We'd really love to hear from you so why not drop us an email and we'll get back to you as soon as we can. // <![CDATA[ var google_conversion_id = 1007640943; var google_conversion_language = "en"; var google_conversion_format = "3"; var google_conversion_color = "ffffff"; var google_conversion_label = "fu_SCJHU7QYQ78K94AM"; var google_conversion_value = 0; var google_remarketing_only = false; // ]]&gt; // <![CDATA[</p> <p>// ]]&gt;  Follow us on Twitter Final day @InteropLondon . Great to see a packed session on #datascience. #bigdata http://t.co/CUpFUs95lq Our #bigdata masterclasses @InteropLondon were a success today! Few more places left tomorrow/Thursday. Book yours to avoid disappointment. Missed today's talks at @InteropLondon ? Don't worry. More talks tomorrow from our @BigDataExperts @Triggar http://t.co/CPWrPwfBqV RT @InteropLondon : Number 5 our personal fave... @BigDataExperts #interop https://t.co/lhTOoVDdyM Facebook logo Profile Stream Big Data Partnership is a complete big data service provider offering: consultancy, training and support. As a global, business driven, technology enabled solutions company, we are committed to helping clients succeed by accelerating and optimising Big Data and providing industry led innovation in predictive analytics. We take immense pride in our people, processes and technology. Our highly motivated, top notch work force have been handpicked for their deep domain knowledge and result delivering skills. With a team of Big Data Experts and thought leaders in Big Data technologies including the Apache Hadoop ecosystem, Apache Spark, Elasticsearch, Apache Cassandra and other NoSQL databases, Big Data Partnership has the knowledge and experience needed to Discover, Develop & Deliver scalable and reliable big data solutions, driving exciting results for our customers. Quick Links Big Data Courses, Cassandra Training, Databricks Spark Training, Learn about Hadoop, Big Data Use Cases For more information, visit http://www.bigdatapartnership.com or email us. Forgot password? Already using Twitter via text message? Big Data Partnership @BigDataExperts We provide our clients with full life-cycle advice and #bigdata services: strategy, data science, implementation, support and training Tweets @BigDataExperts is blocked Are you sure you want to view these Tweets? Viewing Tweets won't unblock @BigDataExperts. Final day @InteropLondon. Great to see a packed session on #datascience. #bigdata pic.twitter.com/CUpFUs95lq Our #bigdata masterclasses @InteropLondon were a success today! Few more places left tomorrow/Thursday. Book yours to avoid disappointment. Nice clear insights into the business benefits of combining big data and data science from the @BigDataExperts team #interop15 Missed today's talks at @InteropLondon? Don't worry. More talks tomorrow from our @BigDataExperts @Triggar pic.twitter.com/CPWrPwfBqV Interop London retweeted Real Business Interop London added, Check out Mike Merritt-Holmes at today's #WHFEvents discussing how big data can help improve outcomes in diabetes care. @WHFEvents Take advantage of @bigdataexperts masterclass as part of #LDNTechWeek http://ow.ly/NS4UD What is #BigData? Why not join @BigDataExperts for free big data masterclasses at @InteropLondon Looking to get more out of #BigData? Join @BigDataChris & @BigDataExperts for a Masterclass at @interop http://ow.ly/NBszz #BigData pros - don't miss @bigdataexperts masterclasses at #Interop London (June 16-18) http://bit.ly/1ElWqAw pic.twitter.com/HZz5JRNSaz . @BigDataExperts are running their masterclasses as part of #LDNTechWeek again this year - http://bit.ly/1ElWqAw #Interop Great news for @BigDataExperts who have concluded their Series B funding round! http://buff.ly/1F0eLIo #BigData pic.twitter.com/hdeTVAAPad Beringea leads Series B round for Big Data Partnership: UK-based Big Data Partnership, a big data specialist s... http://bit.ly/1zGPcfg Big Data Everywhere, London https://lnkd.in/ejr4VZW Great talk Juan Stocca @BigDataExperts @bigdatalondon @strataconf pic.twitter.com/4OAHBOFcAP @BigDataExperts @bigdatalondon my colleague Juan Stocca talking about Markov chains at @strataconf pic.twitter.com/Jd0lLGyU4f Think Big, a Teradata company, is the leading professional services firm focused exclusively helping company unlock new insights and value from Big Data. Writer, speaker, startups. Big Data, fintech, business. Strata, Next:Money, Startupfest, Bitnorth. @leananalytics and @tiltmill. Badgering and rating the world. Final speakers on stage: Jamie Turner from #Postcodeanywhere and Juan Stocca from #BigDataPartnership pic.twitter.com/xjvFIJBFTW @BigDataExperts hasn't tweeted yet. Loading seems to be taking a while. Twitter may be over capacity or experiencing a momentary hiccup. Try again or visit Twitter Status for more information. This has already been marked as containing sensitive content.  Add a location to your Tweets When you tweet with a location, Twitter stores that location. You can switch location on/off before each Tweet and always have the option to delete your location history. Learn more The URL of this tweet is below. Copy it to easily share with friends. Add this Tweet to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Add this video to your website by copying the code below. Learn more Hmm, there was a problem reaching the server. Try again? Not on Twitter? Sign up, tune into the things you care about, and get updates as they happen. Cookie Policy Comments are closed. 